What do horror movies and printer ink have in common?
What's the definition of "relative humidity"?
Pouring rain, New York City. A drunk hails a cab.
August 20, 2020: Scientists have discovered a "mystery object" in space. The object is equal to 2.6 solar masses.
In an interview Barbara Walters asks OJ Simpson if he thinks he will ever be married again...
Why are a gorilla's nostrils so big?
A brain and a set of jumper cables walk into a bar and order a pitcher of beer.
A man that works in a pickle factory walked into his local pub after work wearing a hospital wristband. "Did you have an accident at work today?" the barkeep asked. "Yes, I put my penis in the pickle slicer," the man replied...
my brother just came out of the closet
I'm a surgeon/mailman
A man is walking down the street with a length of string trailing behind him ...
Why does Shaggy always let Scooby roll their joints?
I pushed that soup ladle as hard as I could...
Scientists have finally named the 119th element!
Don't forget to tip your server, that's what they always say...
My grandmother loved to cook meat so my parents bought her a boning knife for her birthday.
Man walks into a library
The DJ played the Cha Cha Slide, so I did the Cha Cha Slide,
What's green and goes to summer camp?
Trump has 2 parts of his brain, the right part and the left part
An old romanian joke that my grandfather keeps telling .
When I told my therapist about being unhappy, he said, "When it comes to happiness, a good analogy is a 3D-printer."
I've been diagnosed with a disease that causes intense headaches, confusion, and a complete inability to have sex. Luckily there's a cure.
Grandma: What's the German guy who's hiding my medicine called?
I was in the park today when a woman came up to me and said, “Are you taking photos of my daughter on your iPhone?”
What kind of currency do astronauts use?
If an Anglophone speaks the language of the Angles
Many fellow physicians were scheduling their own colonoscopy before a respected colleague ended his many years of practice. Just before going under sedation for my procedure I told him…
SCUBA is an acronym for Self Contained Underwater Breathing Apparatus, but did you know TUBA is also an acronym? Yeah really. It stands for Terrible Underwater Breathing Apparatus.
I was digging a hole in my backyard when I found a box filled with gold.
A guy wearing a suit and tie walks into a bar with an alligator
If the beavers are rowing their canoe down main st and the wheels fall off, how many pancakes will it take to shingle a dog house?
An argument between a couple
I think it's just deplorable all the sexist people who want to undermine Katherine Bouman's role in the black hole photo.
Which generation of Corvette was most likely to blow up?
I told my psychologist I am scared off living in tall buildings
Peter Pan would make a great comedian
I told my psychologist I am scared off living in tall buildings
Outside of a dog, a book is a man's best friend.
“Boulangerie” is a french bakery. “Boucherie” is a french butcher shop. What’s a french ice cream shop?
Trump complains so much about being oppressed and degraded that he should make his own show and call it...
What's Thanos' favourite card game?
Break up
NASA received the bill from SpaceX for sending astronauts into space and they were shocked to see that it was nearly 3 billion dollars
The thing I don't like about Dietary Fiber is the large poops
My wife bought a talking parrot, but returned it to the pet store a week later.
(popular indian Joke) Why doesnt china have a cricket team?
A man filed a report to the police that his bag was stolen.
Why was the leper baseball match cancelled?
My sister is taking part in a social experiment. She has to wear a “Boris is doing his best “ t-shirt for 2 weeks and see how people react. So far she’s been spit on, punched and had a bottle thrown at her!
Who's Ji-Sung Park's great, great, great, great, great grandfather?
A match is feeling suicidal.
What did the squash say to the cucumber when he saw the pumpkin patch get blown up?
Those push-up bras aren't very good, are they?
What did the tired dragon make for dinner?
I met a girl crying outside a mall.
I'm 25 years old and finally decided to tell my parents and the rest of my family that I don't want kids
I asked the blonde why she had TGIF written on her shoes even though it's Monday.
What kind of doctor is Dr. pepper?
there was a suspicion of university diploma forgery
What do you call an American who doesn't tip?
I turned in my doctor for corruption charges when he wouldn't treat my open wound.
I had sex for an hour and 4 minutes last night
The aliens studying Earth hold a conference. The keynote speaker stands, and after welcoming the attendees and the usual pleasantries, he begins, "Ladies and gentlebeings, for seventy of its years, we have studied this planet...
Why couldn't the Clam make new friends?
Hi, I'm a mental health therapist helping people to be more at peace with their lives. Check out my Instagram!
An engineering student rides up to his fellow engineering student on a bicycle
Apparently all the bathroom fixtures in the Whitehouse are now gold.
What do you call a goat that works at a bakery?
Can anyone recommend a better way to clear the ice from my windscreen?
What do you call someone that likes getting high and having their buttons pushed?
What did Darth Vader say when the record store employee told him they were out of George Michael albums?
Scientist: My invention can creat matter in all three forms. Gas, liquid and solid.
I used to go out with a girl who punched me in the face when she orgasmed.
When you pull a push door by accident and someone says "you have to push"
The most confusing dual citizenship?
being an asian kid is tough,
My friend used to run a hotel, but now he runs an Airbnb. I asked him if this change in job gave him any new challenges.
She fell in love with...
A health insurance company is offering a cheaper deal to anyone who ticks a box that says they promise not to eat shellfish.
I was at my father in laws funeral...
What happens when you play a Country music record in reverse?
A guy was walking to a bar and on his way he found a girl tied up to the railroad tracks.
What contains the letters a,u, t, and s and is caused by vaccines?
When I was young, my mum used to put food on a spoon
I asked my friend why has he stopped making jokes and puns about Trump after he was sacked from the White House.
For my birthday, my brother made me pancakes!
The farmer thought the picture showed too much land...
In 1862, Australia implemented a telegraph system that stretched from south Australia to Indonesia and beyond. Effectively becoming Australia’s first internet.
Guy says to a girl on tinder “You can call me the GOAT” “Why? Cause you’re the greatest of all time?”
I told my mother in law "When war comes, I'll just be eating human flesh as well". "You shitting me?!" She asked.
Gabriel's Horn is a geometric figure formed by rotating f(x)=1/x about the x axis. It has finite volume, but infinite surface area.
Sometimes I like to think back to when my dad used to put me in tires and roll me down the hill
We should start calling unvaccinated kids Peter Pans...
Why do sharks only swim in salt water?...
What is Megatron least favorite streaming service?
Two friends were talking to each other in a bar...
Holmes and Watson are out hunting one day. John spies something moving in the bushes, and with practiced aim, levels his rifle and fires. They pull aside the brush to reveal a severed leg, with a clean bullet wound just below the ankle.
What's the motto of the American Writers Guild?
What do you get when you cross a rabbit with a water hose?
On the brightside of all the shit going down, at least Derek Chauvin will do fine in prison.
Why don't Elton John songs have a copyright?
A Roman soldier walks into a bar with 4 friends, holds up a peace sign and says to the bartender
What do you get when you push a female mathematician into a swamp?
I once saw a priest get hit in the face by a perfume burner during mass.
I can't follow these instructions on how to apply fake eyebrows
When it comes to penis size, we all just want to
My resolution for this upcoming year is likely going to be the same as this year.
Who would win their weight class in a boxing match, athletes or prisoners?
Math teacher: "What do you call an angle of 90 degrees?"
What's my favourite xmas song? The one about the 25 letter alphabet.
I decided to call my bathroom Jim instead of John
[Police Station] Me: I want to talk to the thief who broke into my house last night Police: Why do you want to talk to him?
I'm scared of french pancakes
In honor of the other math joke I saw on the front page
I don't buy from Amazon because of the slavery it promotes
A man told his wife he wanted to try out something new in bed that he had seen on the internet.
So, it turns out that "In-N-Out" is NOT a brothel
My best mate was born by Cesarean...
What are the two possible things that can happen when a ghost writer dies?
Two drums and a cymbal
My dog Syndrome keeps jumping up on people.
What did the redditor say after robbing a jewellery store?
A samurai’s wife asks him to go down on her
A Korean couple.
During the Middle Ages, a young prince is relaxing in his palace waiting for a love letter from a princess in the next kingdom.
How can you tell a snowman from a snow woman?
Went to the doctor the other day after drinking a gallon of food coloring
For all my life my dad kept messing with the ledge above the fire place, lengthening it, shortening it, sanding it, painting it. But he died last week. After I got home from the funeral I compulsively got my tools out and raised it six inches higher ...
Why did the Tiger run away from the lion?
What type of instrument does an English man play?
Being a free diving instructor requires you to teach others how to hold their breath under water while not using scuba gear.
What the... that rabbit is wearing a tuxedo.
A genie offered to increase my penis length by 1 inch for every 10 IQ I traded...
Did you hear about the Pride Parade float that fell over?
What do you get when you throw a grenade into a French Bathroom?
Why do Republicans hate lotion?
It's 80 years since non stick pans were invented (Teflon 1938)
A have a horrible disease where I can't stop telling airport jokes
Mike Tyson fires a nuke at his maths teacher.
It is hard to find a good book
What follows 16 sodium atoms?
I don't like over confident people
Do Transformers get car insurance or health insurance?
People claim ghosts are real...
What school of magic does a Giraffe practice?
When a physician was asked if his new diet of pizza and crepes for COVID-19 patients was working
I have some wire frames and a curved lens.
Keith Flint failed his English at School. It was a really tough break because his final essay was excellent
Everything in Florida is in the 80s
Which element is most likely to surrender an electron?
Have y'all heard about this new app that lets you see ghosts?
Why don’t they use big fans to blow air on windmills for energy?
Why do native Americans hate the month April?
Almost no one knows what the initials T and S stand for in T.S. Eliot’s name.
I realized placing a long umbrella on my back does not make me like a ninja samurai...
My Himalayan friend has a cow that refuses to stand up
Both of my parents have brown eyes, so I wasn't too surprised when my girlfriend asked me where I got my blue eyes from.
What do you call a person who uses algebraic equations to calculate coffin sizes?
What flower did Luke have at his wedding?
I don’t tell jokes about fungi for a reason...
Not to brag, but I did a lot of experiments with sex and drugs when I was in high school.
Two kittens are sitting at the edge of a slide. Which falls first?
What do farmers like to trade with?
If you lose one of your senses, your other senses get enhanced
My 4 year old niece's unintentional dirty joke.
Rich people start their meals by saying "Bless us oh Lord for these thine gifts..."
Why do ambulances require two drivers at all times?
Math is the language of science.
It's widely known that some members of a prison population become well-read and crafty with words.
What do Giraffes eat?
The three orders of classical columns are Doric, Ionic, and Corinthian. Sometimes Ionic is called Ionian.
My son Luke loves the fact he's named after a Star Wars character
How do you tell the difference between an alligator and a crocodile?
My Korean girlfriend makes some cute mistakes when speaking English. For example:
Teacher to student: If I gave you a dollar and your father gave you a dollar, how many dollars would you have?
Why does texas have no power?
Why don't churches have wifi?
Why don't men in the Middle East smoke weed?
A guy says to the bartender "Give me something tall, cold and full of gin."
What do farmers do in Alabama?
Certain japanse buildings had creaking floorboards which would alarm the guards if there were intruders.
Got excited that I found a bottle in the beach with a message inside...
Teacher asked the class to draw a nativity scene.
What do you call a 300 pound Green Bay Packer fan?
I'm 25 years old and finally decided to tell my parents and the rest of my family that I don't want kids
Yesterday my friend came out as a cross dresser by wearing a mini skirt to his office party.
Karl Marx is a historically famous philosopher and political theorist,
My local cemetery is working to resell mine and my wife’s burial plots to a new buyer...
My friend told me yesterday that he's buying me a goat for Xmas.
I was watching a live performance when the floor gave way and one of the actors fell through. My wife asked if I thought they were ok.
Where do you not want hide when playing hide and go seek in a hospital?
A naked man arrives at a costume party with a girl on his back.
Last week, Puerto Rico's Governor said that they couldn't pay their debt.
Elon Musk and Bill Gates have decided to partner in a joint venture to invent a medication to overcome erectile dysfunction.
Why did 2pac go to the gym?
Can you name the 3 NFL team's mascots that start with the letter "F"?
Why did the orange have so much trouble forming a rap duo?
An argument between a couple
A tortoise beat up a snail pretty bad.
I saw a 5 legged woman crying and I asked her why
What do you call a fish wearing a bowtie?
Police to woman : how did your husband die?
My dad bought a new farm, so he asked me to move the chicken coop over to the new land
What do you call a guy from Illinois with rips in his jeans, shoes, and a hole in his shirt and forehead?
I may have Alzheimer’s disease
My neighbor is a 90 year old with Alzheimer's, I see him every morning and he asks me if I've seen his wife. Every day I have to tell this poor man that his wife died 20 years ago. I could have moved to another house or even ignore his question.
Dinosaur Age
a joke that i thought of 2 mins ago.
Why does Norway have barcodes on their battleships?
A couple of cows were smoking a joint while playing cards....
My wife wants to talk to me about my childish behaviour.
What do you call fans of the moon?
What did the egg say to the frying pan
Dinosaurs didn’t go extinct
Why is it difficult to explain periods to blind people?
A mushroom walks into a bar and sidles up to a stool.
What did the selfish beaver say to the deer that asked him to help stop the flooding affecting her grazing grounds?
How do two tiger sharks mate?
Breaking News: police station toilet stolen
What do you call a flat earther vampire
The people around me were alarmed when I gulped down my glass of milk
Dad cooks dinner.
Team LeBron beat team Durant in the NBA All Star game last night.
Did you hear the story about the cow that appears to have 5 legs?
What do you call a woman that bounces from one guy to the next?
A man was brought to the FBI on suspicion of murder
Q: What is the burning question on the mind of every dyslexic existentialist?
Drinking an entire bottle of wine in under an hour is a lot like entrusting a secret to a unreliable person;
A man comes into the courthouse and says...
What is a New Zealander’s favorite book?
I saw a man going up a hill with a trolley full of horseshoes, four leaf clovers and rabbit's feet...
What do you get when you break the world record for “not moving for the longest amount of time”?
Son: Hey dad, can I borrow ten dollars in Bitcoin?
(written by my 13-year-old son) What do you call a pig with herpes?
How does a dyslexic poet write?
Why do people say "break a leg" before an audition?
The other day a farmer asked if I could help him round up 18 cows
A German was going to a trip in France...
The two white actors in Black Panther are Martin Freeman, who played Bilbo Baggins, and Andy Serkis, who played Gollum. But did you know that...
Once a man was lying on the beach wearing nothing but a hat on his crotch.
Nothing beats fresh, local, eggs!
Oxygen tried to pick a fight with Helium
What do you call it when you can’t make it to the bathroom in time?
What do you call a "Grilled Cheese" after a few days in the fridge?
I am thinking about opening a dungeons and dragons themed vacation rental...
What are the two biggest differences between an alligator and a crocodile?
What's the difference between jam and jelly?
What language do Asian Karen's speak?
Before my operation, the anaesthesiologists asked if I wanted to be knocked out via gas or boat paddle.
Why were Russians indifferent about the Cold War?
Twitter is like a bank account
I asked 25 Pac-people what their favorite pan is and the results were overwhelming...
Overheard during lunch
What does Earth get on Earth day ?
No matter who you vote tonight to become our next president..
My wife's panties are labelled 'Monday', 'Tuesday', 'Wednesday' ...
I was driving with my wife recently and we were talking about what we wanted to happen to our bodies when we died. I want to be cremated and put in a pot of chili. She asked why.
My doctor enquired if I was getting enough exercise. "Does sex count as exercise?" I asked. "Yes, it's a very good form of exercise" he replied.
I was organizing my closet and decided to smell the moth balls. Yuck.
One of my favorite actors is Mark Ruffalo, but I’ve always wondered...
Why do hot air ballons use burners and not steam?
What are a beat boxer's favorite things to wear?
What is chicken used as currency called?
I read that Snap, Crackle and Pop were found murdered along with Captain Crunch and Tony the Tiger
My grandmother used to tell me the way to a man’s heart is through his stomach.
We should have sent the Opportunity rover to Iraq
What never changes temperature despite how cold or warm the air is?
The three orders of classical columns are Doric, Ionic, and Corinthian. Sometimes Ionic is called Ionian.
My buddy was dating twins...
What do you call vegan seafood?
I like fried chick peas....
What dinosaur used boulders as toilet paper?
When I was visiting Ireland, I saw a man in a prison jumper running through the street with a police officer chasing him. The officer caught up to him and grabbed him by the wrist, but then the man’s hand fell off and he got away.
I didn't make it at the sandpaper factory
Tell a woman she's beautiful a thousand times and she'll still act like she's never heard it before. Call a woman fat once and she'll always remember.
As I was riding the train in to work this morning, my stomach started churning and I desperately needed to use the toilet. Unfortunately, the next stop wasn't for 10 minutes, so I just sat there and held it...
I asked my husband whether I’m the only one he’s been with
Why did the match factory burn down?
Bob: Waiter, would you please come here?
A calendar goes to the doctor and asks him to give it to him straight...
There's only one thing that keeps me from breaking you in half....
Did you see the news about the fight that broke out when they played the wrong national anthem for the winning team at the Asian table tennis finals?
A grandpa tells his teen grandson: "I will put 100 dollars under your pillow if you can find me a viagra pill right now". Ten minutes later grandson gives grandpa a viagra pill.
What do you call a guy from Illinois with rips in his jeans, shoes, and a hole in his shirt and forehead?
Went to dinner last night at a restaurant, and there was a fly in my soup.
Did you hear about the writer that became a tailor?
What do you say to a Lady who's acting up while on her period?
I questioned my sister and my cousin about any incest in the family
I was laid off due to COVID, so I took a job at an origami factory
Why couldn't the fisherman play his guitar?
It's Alzheimers day on thursday...
a caring mother makes her son loafs of bread shaped like batman, to make his sandwiches fun every time. guess what happens when it's in the oven?
My investment banker used all of my money to buy a leather jacket and a motorcycle, and when I asked for it back he told me to 'sit on it'.
What do you call a row of dolls burning on a grill?
What do you get when cross an owl with an elephant?
A man walks up to 3 women wearing potato sacks. How does he know which one is the prostitute?
What do you call a long, skinny fish wearing makeup and a suit of armor?
Did you hear about the mushroom who parked illegally?
Did you hear about the guy who wanted a brain transplant?
What do Maple Leaf players have in common with Abe Lincoln?
What did yoda tell the snowman when he found out he had tunnelvision? (OC... you can probably tell)
A very drunk guy starts beating up a nun on the street
How often do Jamaican farmers milk their cows?
If mental asylums invested in walking trails for their patients,
What's an internet scammer's favorite sport?
Legendary composer Jim Steinman has died at the age of 73...
I wish I had prepared for Alzheimer's when I was a younger man.
I whispered in her ear what I would like to do to her and she said, "I'm getting really wet." "Turns you on, does it? I asked.
The Russians developed a very powerful weapon of mass destruction.
What does the ghost of a panda bear eat?
What do you call a perfume for amphibians?
Whenever I get very angry or if I hurt my self, I shout out the sounds of migratory birds...
What has 2 gray legs and 2 brown legs?
Dropped off a small meal to the lady next door with questionable morals. Let’s be kind to our neighbors, y’all.
Was at a “Capital One Cafe” and asked the waitress for her phone number.
A soldier was rushed to the hospital with a horrific bayonet wound.
What do you call a pear thats a dad?
The villagers mourned the king and his jester after an unfortunate sewage accident.
I told my doctor I was having problems with my hearing. He asked me what the symptoms were.
Who wears a cowboy hat, black leather jacket with studs, cowboy boots, a big silver belt buckle, and black lipstick?
Welcome to cucumber club...
Today I realized my most enlightening appliance is my alarm clock.
What do you call a knight who only attacks after 8pm?
Mike Pence walks into the Oval Office and sees Trump whooping and hollering.
What do you call a low budget circumcision?
I grew up in a pretty tough neighborhood. Kids use to cover me in chocolate and frosting and put cherries on my head.
Don't know if this has been posted here but let's try
Pearl Jam just came out with a product that regulates women’s periods
I saw a man going up a hill with a trolley full of horseshoes, four leaf clovers and rabbit's feet...
I hear it’s a good time to buy real estate in Texas!
There are thousands of different mosquito species
My sister asked for me to bring her something hard to write on
My boss is really into health eating, but Friday is his cheat day...
What do you feed a woman to stop her from giving blowjobs?
Mt favourite joke: Why does Edward Woodward (actor) have so many "D" 's in his name?
An guy with dwarfism tried explaining he escaped by climbing down the outside wall of a prison
What's the loudest part of tennis?
Hooked up with a GILF
The sheepshank is clearly superior to the fisherman's eye
What do you get if Santa goes down the chimney when a fire is lit?
Where do pigs hear their favorite songs?
I got my paycheck with a lemon slice on it today...
What is a pirate's favourite element?
Great 1st Ladies of the United States have there own cause. Michelle Obama’s: Your Truth, Melania Trump’s: Be Best...
A dentist looks into a patient's mouth and says, "That's the biggest cavity I've ever seen. That's the biggest cavity I've ever seen."
A packrat decided to make a nest in my car's muffler.
Not all peasants visit the beach
PSA: don't let them scan your forehead temperature at the grocery, it's mind control!
I used to illegally give weed to my prize winning cows, but I had to stop.
What the difference between Pizza and Musician?
What are a kidnapper’s favorite shoes?
Nic Cage was a straight A highschool student
Melania Trumps RNC speech just leaked on live TV
I bought a warehouse full of soup stock
if you don't have any conversation starters try the Titanic
Went I got home yesterday I found my wife on the kitchen floor with her best girlfriend lying on top of her, both naked, with flat pasta and tomato sauce all over them.
A husband took his wife to a disco on the weekend. There was a guy on the dance floor busting tile. He was breakdancing, moonwalking, doing back flips - the works. The wife turned to husband and said: "See that guy? 25 years ago he proposed to me and I turned him down."
A stupid knight won a jousting tournament.
If it's right that from each mistake you make you learn something
Good thing I had a CVS receipt in my wallet...
Mario's Jeans
One of my wife’s primary School’s student was wearing a Fitbit watch
I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I’ll let you know.
What do you call a waffle on the beach?
I walked up to a girl and said, "Skittles, Starburst, Jelly Babies, Haribo, Wine Gums."
I got my penis stuck in my zipper today
yes, sharks can outswim you. but you can outrun sharks. so far in a triathlon you’re square.
A man walks into a library...
I hate it when people draw a circle or an oval...
There’s a reason why China has so many fake items
My ex used to hit me with musical instruments
Why should you never smoke at a salad bar?
Why were there so many paintings of knights fighting snails in the Middle Ages???
It's 80 years since non stick pans were invented (Teflon 1938)
Axe should make a deodorant called "English."
I was playing an updated version of Oregon Trail voiced by Terry Crews.
A helium atom walks into a bar.
How many babies does it take to shingle a roof?
It's Easter Sunday!
Q: How did the cannibal get caught at the wrestling match?
Did you hear about the clam that could play violin?
When my parents told me there was no Santa Claus I was so mad at them!
Where was the Declaration of Independence signed?
Why was the snowman smiling?
I'm out bird watching with Sinead O'Connor....
How many police officers does it take to change a lightbulb?
When I successfully invade Canada and they offer me lands in a peace treaty...
What do you call someone that likes getting high and having their buttons pushed?
What is the favourite instrument of someone who never gets laid?
What kind of breath mints do dyslexic military officers use?
People say smoking will give you diseases.
A man walks up to a pregnant woman at a bus stop
Never date a girl named Ruth.
The special kid was late to class today
Have you guys heard of the huge fire at the shoe factory?
Bought A Pair Of Polarized Sunglasses
What do you call a nervous javelin thrower?
Gorillas see us how we see aliens, skinnier, smarter, less hair
Santa played a round of golf on Christmas day to relax and hit a birdie....
My wife always complains when I use her toothbrush
A boy came to a restaurant with his dad
How do they pick kids for the Make-A-Wish Foundation?
I don't really like comic books
I dated a teacher once
I recently bought some fragranced candles
Doctor: You have a disease that causes memory loss.
Back in my day you could buy 3 gallons of milk, 2 loafs of bread and 6 dozen eggs all for a single dollar.
What does a catholic, a Jew, a Muslim, and a black person have in common these days?
My favorite form of birth control is a condom inside a condom inside a condom...
Why didn't Donald Trump go to midnight Mass?
Which is better a stool or a box to stand on?
Husband: My wife is missing. She went to rescue people from the flood yesterday and has not come home ...
I collected a lot of data trying to disprove observation bias.
My school started teaching sex ed online.
I forgot why I decided to jerk off into the fan...
Important copyright notice
[In a courtroom] Judge: Did you feel guilty at the time?
Politicians, ISPs, Big Business, and foreign government agencies are all fighting for control over the internet, but who holds power over them all?
A Wikipedia editor is pulled over for speeding
My friend was changing a tire when the car dropped on his foot
It's nice to see that my local supermarket is saving energy by raising the temperature of it's freezers.
I told my actor friend to break a leg...
My local doctor's office had a power outage just as I was supposed to have my vaccine. I asked if I could have it anyway, on the off chance they might still let me.
The biggest tragedy in Star Wars is their lack of information on one of their greatest unsung heroes.
Why are skeletons so calm?
Im sexually attracted to pillows
As I put the car in reverse, I thought to myself:
What do you call a network of shy people?
TIL: Historically, eunuchs have been really wealthy and politically powerful.
Why did Charlie Brown take his pole dancing routine so seriously?
A Man Accidentally Elbows a Woman's Boob
What did the Hyena take on it's flight?
The English Language is Weird.
Toronto Raptors: We are the only sports team named after a dinosaur!
If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring?
I just found out the kool-aid man plays on a baseball team.
I was just boasting at work about how I'm currently sleeping with a set of twins...
What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter
I set up a small nuclear power plant in my garage.
Working in a mirror factory
Invisible calendars...
Today in the Gulf Stream, two dolphins were caught cheating on their significant others, and in the East Australian, a humpback whale gave the term new meaning when he was found in the fins of another beluga.
Why do sharks only swim in salt water?...
I set up a small nuclear power plant in my garage.
30 Seconds To Mars for only 5 Seconds Of Summer?
Good friends are like fine wine
What do you call summer camp for unvaccinated kids?
What was Trump’s favorite childhood story?
I saw a telephone wire starting to fall on someones car the other day on my way home from work but I don't think they noticed
What is a snowman's favourite breakfast?
What did the pillar say when he forgot to wish his friend happy birthday?
Why did the one eyed headmaster close down his school....
I took some fiber supplements today
My brother is afraid that robots will replace him.
What kind of magic do cows believe in?
So, after all your time on the internet, have you learned how to avoid clickbait?
When does a joke become a dad joke?
Did you know Santa has only two reindeer?
What's a judge's favorite game?
I asked my girlfriend if we could have sex even though she was on her period.
Why don't Elton John songs have a copyright?
Why did the guy want to ride a horse while eating salad?
My flat-Earther friend said he would walk to the end of the Earth to prove his point. -
*Police Alert* Two men wanted for stealing a cement mixer.
Roses are red, Violets are glorious
What do you call a kangaroo whos in love with a sheep?
3 months ago, Senator McConnell took my rabbit.
I asked 25 Pac-people what their favorite pan is and the results were overwhelming...
Did I tell you the time I fell in love during a backflip
A Chinese judge comes out of session.
Did you hear about the farmer that called his herd of pigs and ended up being trampled?
Why didn't the fisherman make it as a rapper?
Do you know what my dog said when I surprised him with his new favorite chew toy this Christmas?
What did the bra say to the hat at the end of the undergarment party?
How can you tell an optimist from a pessimist?
A grandfather sits flustered in his workshop unable to recall where he left his toolbox. He calls over his grandson and asks him, "son, what's the name of the German that keeps stealing my tools?!"
The other day I thought I found a real velvet pillowcase...
Husband asked his wife:
In honor of the other math joke I saw on the front page
I accidentally walked into my daughter’s room and was shocked to see her reenacting a fantasy scene from 50 Shades of Grey.
I once woke up in the middle of an operation.
Is this fairground big wheel made of iron?
They say that if enough Antarctic ice melts more and more viruses will emerge...
Double amputee goes missing from local hospital
I once attended a 50s music themed table tennis festival in a far east country, hosted by an Asian dictator where all the participants were dressed as famous movie gorillas...
Help, my wife is missing!!!
Have Sean Connery and Daniel Craig ever hung out?
A new battery factory in Northumberland will offer jobs to ex-offenders
I went to the shop to buy a foot pump for our new air bed. I was shocked by how much the price had risen since the last pump I purchased.
Believe it or not, Satan took a shot at being a YouTuber
In the UK we call them lifts but in the US they call them elevators
What is Santa’s favorite Christmas Song?
What do you call a deer who wants to make cartoons?
What do you call a fast, carnivorous dinosaur with opinions on Hegel and Kant?
Have you heard of a French ABBA cover band with just 3 members?
I went to Bank of America to deposit a check, and they asked me for ID.
A tennis ball walked into a bar
Why can’t you ever justify something wrong done by a male cow?
Did You Hear About The Egyptian Crocodile That Heard About His Wife Cheating?
The reasoning behind both Japan's aging population and healthy lifestyle
What did the seal with a cast say to the shark?
When Santa enters a house to give stuff to kids he’s a hero and a amazingly kind man
What did Axl Rose name the colonics spa that he proudly opened?
Why do bulls wear bells?
What do you call someone who specializes in selling insurance to hand models?
A biologist, a mathematician, and a physicist watch as two people enter an empty house and three people leave the house.
I'm reading a horror story in braille. Something bad is going to happen,
What do you call it when a rapper attacks a loved one?
New discovery.
How does a man put on a roof by himself?
There was an accident at the glass factory today
I try to learn from my mistakes,
"Would you be interested in contributing to our Sperm Foundation Fund?"
Son: Dad, why is destruction a form of creation?
A young couple are trying to save money on their summer vacation.
There was company that sold sex toys to aliens.
I was thinking about how a persons conciousness forms and what happens to it when you die...
Math Problem
What did Alex say to his college roommate to get him to stop working on his college essay and come out for hotdogs
Where to go for a city break in the south of France?
A lot of people don’t get enough fiber in their diet
What do call a landscaper’s nicest pair of pants?
I feel bad for all the nice women named Karen who have to deal with the bad stereotype of asking for managers. Sharon's too..
How does an elephant camouflage? & What's the loudest thing in the forest?
What does it mean when a man is in your bed, gasping for breath and calling your name?
What sits in a corner and gets smaller and smaller?
On holiday in Moscow, my mother told me told me to set an early alarm or I would have to rush.
Judge: "So, Mr Robot. Your neighbour accused you of stealing their electricity to power yourself. How do you pleade?"
An orange is in a supermarket
My friend from Prague finally got his US citizenship approved.
Stormy Daniels should run for president
"I say Long John Silver, I really like your earrings, how much were they?"
I had a teacher in high school, Ms Turtle.
To the person who stole my bag with my antidepressants, my glasses and my Microsoft office CD in.
The American education system obviously listens to Pink Floyd…
Why did the judge deny the ghost bail?
Two Marijuana dispensaries created a merger deal, becoming one.
Traffic in New York seems like a mass break up
Good news! I've just inherited an estate from my great grandfather!
What’s the least amount of costume needed to convincingly look like a bear?
A cucumber, a pickle, and a penis are sharing how hard their lives are
Which WiFi network do redditors use?
An old man said to his grandson playing on a tablet...You younger generation are too dependent on technology.
I have an ugly, tight pair of shorts that I only wear when every other pair is dirty.
Why was the ghost sad on Christmas Day?
My uncle spent £250,000 on a new limousine and later found out the price does not include a driver
I just disconnected my home alarm and left the neighborhood watch program.
What's the difference between a Halfing and a Hobbit?
A network engineer goes to see his doctor
What's Rectangle, red and bad for your teeth?
How do you confuse an idiot?
Where do bad plates go to after they've broken?
Tiger Woods won't be able to play the Masters this year.
Many people say a diploma is just a piece of paper. I as an educated person beg to differ
My gloves were stolen yesterday..
If cooking one meal doesn’t make you a chief
A woman is on trial for beating her husband to death with his guitar collection.
There's a new type of stone which turns Eevee into a Ghost-type
I like to stand in the corner at parties and blow on anyone who walks by.
I was in the middle of a lake in a canoe with my girl friend last week when suddenly the boat sprung a leak. We had to decide whether to try and get the boat back to shore or abandon ship.
It's no surprise Nevada is taking so long to count their ballots
I bought my grandchildren some crayons. I have to say...
Theoretical duck
What did the Russian say when he lost the argument against communism?
People are like a crayons
My doctor told me I am begining to lose my hearing.
I heard of the infantry and thought it sounded great!
A bakery can only calculate the size of circular cakes...
A guy phones reception at a Hotel.
Did you hear about the old prospector who accidentally swallowed a gold nugget?
I saw an old woman on the news who's house was flooded
What is a tornado's favorite game to play?
Don't believe for a minute that men and women are the same
Today I saw a really weird car in the shape of an S, but it was moving quite slowly, almost at a snail's pace
[OC] My mother has been tracking this mosquito for a while...
Why did Mozart run to the bathroom?
I saw a sign at the mall that said "wet floor"
So what's the deal with lampshades?
A cardiac specialist died and at his funeral the coffin was placed in front of a huge mock up of a heart made up of flowers. When the pastor finished with the sermon and eulogy, and after everyone said their good-byes, the heart opened, the coffin rolled inside and the heart closed.
HURRICANE SANDY UPDATE
What did the Indian boy say to his parent before going into self isolation?
Trump wears so much makeup, I think he's hiding something
Johnny Depp gets so immersed in his characters that I can never tell if its him or not...
How many blood hungry vampires does it take to dress a wound?
What was the governor of North Carolina criticized for responding to Hurricane Florence so quickly?
Exclamations can really change a sentence.
Why was the journalist crumpled up on the office floor in tears?
This guy had a problem of oversleeping. He was always late for work, and his boss was getting mad. So he went to the doctor and got some pills that were supposed to help. That night he slept well and woke up even before the alarm. He had a leisurely breakfast and drove happily to work.
Horologists probably never get tired of hearing the same repeated jokes when they mention their profession.
There was a fire at the Goodwill yesterday
What do cubs fans do after they win the world series?
How many Patriots fans does it take to change a lightbulb?
Why do Americans always win gold at the shooting Olympics?
What do you call a snail’s luggage?
Grant Imahara walks up to the pearly gates...
When Mary had a baby boy, the wise men were not surprised..
Why did they stop feeding cows the round bails of Hay in Texas?
Self deprecation is definitely the lowest form of humour.
How do you call a trans person who did a roundtrip with the operations?
What's a calendar's favorite treat?
An electrician tells the engineer, “I wired everything exactly according to the drawing and I flip the switch and there’s no current.”
I took my dog to the water park,
A man got a job in Ireland...
What was a more important invention than the first telephone?
A guard asks a woman on death row what she’d like for her final meal.
Why shouldn’t you recommend a book to a social media user?
Two Jewish kids are fighting, one throws ash on the other.
When I was young I was friends with a kid with cancer for a few months.
I saw a synopsis and some abstracts shot down in a hail of bullet points.
Ever since the pandemic started, every morning I proudly announce to my family that I’m going for a jog and then I don’t...
What font does alphabet soup use?
What do you call a joke that makes no sense and has no effort?
Last night, my daughter shouted downstairs, "Dad! My tooth has just fallen out into my drink!" "That's great, darling!" I said. "Put it under your pillow and see what happens."
Why do the French eat snails?
In chemistry class the experiment called for 36 grams of the 83rd element on the periodic table. I could see that the girl next to me had weighed out 42 grams. When I told her she was getting a bit heavy she said....
What is the way to the cemetery?
What do the French call a really bad Thursday?
Everyone knows comedian Bill Burr, most don't realize he has a huge family with lots of talent.
What school of magic does a Giraffe practice?
Just put my father's ashes in the bin.
What do you call a triangle with angles 42.0°, 69° and 69°?
My friend gets really upset when I call him a flat-Earther
I wanted to take ownership of a building shaped like a triangle.
I got a new book about Japanese sex toy vending machines.
2 blondes are on a Cruise on the Nile. Unfortunately they fall overboard. After a while crocodiles start approaching them. One blond sees them and tells the other:
Hey, do you want to come back to my place and regulate our body temperatures using external sources?
TIL when some beers pour, they make a distinct melody.
My mom accidentally put in more butter than what was called for in the recipe.
With trembling hands, my doctor looked up from my x-ray and stammered, "This is exactly what I was afraid of." Gripping my chest, I rasped, "What?"
What was the dying tree's reaction to a 2nd chance to grow?
A snail shop owner was attacked by a turtle gang. The police asked if he could describe the perpetrators, he said
What did I call the guy that keeps my daughter out late at night?
For Texans, from Eastern Europe.
What’s the difference between Auschwitz and Chick-fil-A
I'm not thrilled my wife is into bondage
A policeman knocks at the door
My Uncle did a magic trick today.
So this French dude was working in a department store in France and a Karen comes up and starts laying it on him, asking for his manager.
What's the difference between a black bear and a grizzly bear?
A man walks into a tree and says he's looking for an owl...
A woman was watching her husband standing on the bathroom scale, sucking in his stomach
Rich people start their meals by saying "Bless us oh Lord for these thine gifts..."
How does Liam Neeson make such good pancakes?
Ellen has so much bad press about how entitled she is
My girlfriend broke up with me because I kept referencing the song One Night in Bangkok for reasons why I didn't want to take a vacation there.
Bank Robber 1: Did you scope out the place?
What do you call a dinosaur with a strap on?
This new digital currency is bitc*in!
Why can’t an animal be both a cow and a bull?
The interactive Netflix film Bandersnatch was so successful, they're creating another interactive film all about Donald Trump.
If an angel statue is removed from a fountain...
Why do Python programmers have low self esteem?
A local dentist was arrested recently for dealing drugs, came as a huge surprise for me ...
What does Fallout 76 and gold plated velcro have in common?
“I love my job!” exclaimed the farmer. “All you do is boss me around all day!” complained one of his sheep. “What did you say?” challenged the farmer. The sheep glared back and growled...
If I had a dollar for every time I didn't know what was going on...
A boy asked his bitcoin-investing dad for 1 bitcoin for his birthday
Upon discovery of some sandstone deposits in a dried-up river, Mr. Watson questioned Sherlock Holmes on how he could be so sure it's sandstone.
People keep talking about black holes
An electrical current joins the air force
There is only one true way to check virginity
I noticed that the local convent has no security around the building, so I helped myself...
“Mom, don't get alarmed, but I’m at the hospital.”
My cousin decided to try parkour, so he jumped off a single floor hotel. Anyway, to make a long story short
A baby seal walks into a bar, and the bartender says, “What’ll it be?”
I was born male and I identify as male, yet...
So Sandscript, Comic Sans, and Times New Roman walk into a bar.
I was swindled by a tiny man dressed in green.
You break me, you get bad luck..
Back off, doc. I'll close this wound.
I read that 70% of Earth's population are stupid
Crappy biology bar joke
What's the most popular occupation in Italy?
What did the plastic surgeon say to the patient?
Donald Trump claimed his trips to Mar-a Lago didn’t cost the taxpayers anything.
What do you get when you cross the ocean with sand?
A woman accidentally locked her keys in her car and was pacing frantically on the side of the street, when a soldier from Boston passing by saw this and assured her that he could help. She looked on in amazement as he removed his trousers, rolled them into a tight ball...
A plumber told me an interesting thing, the best call he ever went to was when some kid had dropped a pear down the toilet.
My teacher just asked our class if we could name the 5th and 26th letters of the alphabet.
Stormy Daniels says Donald Trump paid $130,000 hush money to cover up an affair. Do you believe the bleached blond with big tits?
Politicians, ISPs, Big Business, and foreign government agencies are all fighting for control over the internet, but who holds power over them all?
A man attacks a woman wearing a fur coat..
Did you hear about the architect who had an unhealthy obsession with designing overly intricate shopping malls?
A middle aged lady has a medical check-up for the first time in her life
What do you call a monkey in a mine field?
What is the name of the generic form of Viagra?
Elon Musk was born in South Africa, and made an electric car. What if he had been born in Madagascar?
How do you know when it's time to change the channel?
I grew up in a pretty tough neighborhood. Kids use to cover me in chocolate and frosting and put cherries on my head.
I was boiling some noodles until the pot suddenly began to float.
I bought a beehive to start my beekeeping company
I asked my teenage niece to go get me a newspaper, she laughed at me and said "oh uncle , you're so old. Just use my phone"
They said a mask and gloves are enough to go to the grocery store.
My great grandfather got me an IPad for my birthday.
So western cartoons are being introduced to the Middle East
A man goes to his veterinarian and complains, "I think my goldfish is having seizures."
Yesterday I saw a tiger on my way back home.
A man named his children second, minute and hour, and thus he was nicknamed father time
A woman goes into an art gallery and sees two still-life pictures. Both are of a table laid for lunch with a glass of wine, a basket of bread rolls and a plate of sliced ham. However, one picture is selling for $75 and the other for $100.
My favorite part of the bible is when God gives everyone free will...
A man walks into a bar
A blonde takes her car to her mechanic and tells him it’s running rough.
What did the coffee report to the police
Nic Cage went through such a hassle to find a national treasure.
A young country girl (Mary) was walking down through the village with a large bull
I am thinking about opening a dungeons and dragons themed vacation rental...
A hairdresser got put it jail for 9 years because he was drug dealing
I’ve always dreamt of having a penis as long and wide as a 2 litre bottle of orange soda,
Need help. My Glade air freshener stopped working. I can't find anything wrong with it.
Why was the Muslim rubbing the goat?
"It's a revolution!" I yelled at the top of my lungs.
If there was a television series about a Deadhead surgeon, what would it be called?
My wife said I had to stop listening to Meat Loaf.
You need a lot of luck to become a stage actor.
In a strange way, I was really looking forward to the hurricane and I was disappointed when it was downgraded...
What resolution do Mexican movie theaters show movies in?
At the parole hearing, the officer asked, "Tell me, why should you be released early?" The inmate responded, "It’s bec..."
I joined ISIS to help my self esteem issues.
A guy walked into a crowded bar waving his
If The Joke about r/Jokes is That All The Jokes are Stolen/Copy Pasted...
After getting the windows on my car tinted black, I showed it to my wife.
How many kids with ADHD does it take to screw in a light bulb?
So they say a Harriet Tubman's face is going on the $20 bill.
In art class I was told black was a shade not a color.
An Indian architect gets called into his boss's office because a comedy club he recently designed is labeled only in Hindi.
Got home unannounced from college to find my parents had taken a vacation and not left the keys behind. Not a problem though, all I’ve got to do is talk to the door lock...
My Girlfriend
My lord, my client is a liftman and this complainant walked in the elevator wearing low cleavage blouse showing ample amount of her breasts"
What did people call the knight who lost his foreskin during a battle?
Do you have brain cancer?
Did you hear about the constipated financial planner?
Today our leaders closed of the southern border preventing people from coming to our country for a better life a better education and much needed health care!
A solid joke
Why is the Gold Coast called the Gold Coast?
Recently got run over by a guy in a Tesla, thought he got away but:
What was the name of the movie about a baby goat that learns karate?
What five letters are the most feared in the NCAA Tournament?
Two high jumpers walked into a bar
why is japans population so old?
I got a card today and on the envelope in big red letters said, "PLEASE DO NOT BEND."
There’s a fine line between a numerator and a denominator.
I made a terrible mistake this morning.
What do you call it when a drunk cowgirl falls off her stool at the bar?
"Mom, I'm almost 17 now. When will I get my period like the other girls?"
I was sorting the sub by new.
Did you hear about the guy whose New Year’s resolution was to flip over an electric car while test-driving it?
What does a networking robot say when returning from the bathroom?
I was on a date last night, as I sat at my table, forking my food awaiting my date to arrive, I realized they had stood me up, and I had to foot the bill. Long story short......
What's the difference between a Halfing and a Hobbit?
What do you call a piece of paper with a Bull on it?
I yelled "COW!" at a woman on bike
What did the teddy bear say after blowing out the birthday candles?
What does a fat girl and a pallet of shingles have in common?
Why do math textbooks only ever give you one angle in a triangle?
I fell asleep at the mall today...
Wife told me she slept with 7 people before we met.
Why is it a bad idea to shoot a porno in space?
Why are so many Matchbox and Hot Wheels cars Fords?
The other day, I was cleaning out the attic with my wife. Filthy, dirty, covered in cobwebs...
I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I’ll let you know.
What do you call a shoe with no grip?
Why should we be lenient on drug abusers with lisps?
What’s the difference between this joke and a nudist soaked in food coloring?
I just told my luggage there will be no vacations this year.
I dreamed about drowning in an ocean made out of orange soda last night.
Did you guys know too much sex can cause memory loss?
An infinite amount of Mathematicians walk into a bar.
I once told a bad joke about ghosts
It's my cake day, so better post a joke about cakes... Why couldn't the Teddy bear finish his birthday cake?
Although fiber helps pass stool, you need to be careful about the type of fiber you ingest.
There was a truckload of tires on the interstate and they all fell out
What do you call an antique comb used to make braids, buns, and Celtic knots passed from generation to generation
I told my niece that I saw a moose on the way to work this morning
If your election lasts more than 48 hours,
A car thief gets brought before the judge
I have green skin, a nose three times the size of the horn on my head, four brown teeth and my neck is covered in furry scales... what am I?
Where are average things made?
Friendly Letters
What material should you avoid using because it will make clothing too light?
A priest, a rabbit and a minister walk into a bar.
My homeboy got rear-ended on a motorcycle wearing a bright green shirt, with shiny red hair: It kind of makes sense....
Why do Gorillas have large nostrils?
I look forward to hearing Michelle Obama's speech again.
There's 「lie」 in 「believe」
So I heard you like puns with convoluted setups...
what do you call two old people having sex?
The kids asked what was for dinner and I told them "Scraps". They started crying. Spoiled brats, it's really hard to get food at the moment thanks to the panic buying.
Match.com is for relationships, Tinder is for hookups, ChristianMingle...
From my 9 year old niece...”What is it called when a chicken is staring at a salad?”
I put some of my grandmother's ashes in water...
I know a nun who has a tendency to go around wearing a horrible garment made of German sausages
At the doctor’s
I was putting atoms together for chemistry. Until I put magnesium and oxygen together.
I hired a new driver last month...
A teacher asks her class what their favourite letter is. A boy at the back puts up his hand and says "G". The teacher says,
I always take life with a grain of salt...
Why is gambling illegal in China
If Earth is flat then...
if Lays had invented air hockey
There is no incest in Alabama! You can ask my dad, brother, uncle, husband, mother, sister or aunt!
I found a cucumber on the bathroom floor.
A chameleon came into a new environment.
Recently I've been learning how to draw optical illusions so I can surprise my girlfriend with one on her birthday.
Describe your college life using the name of a beverage?
My teacher just asked me what steps you should take when you’re in a burning building.
What do you call a guy who throws motorcycles?
Girlfriend told me my tendency to take everything literally has led to her walking on eggshells around me
A farmer walks in his kitchen with a duck under his arm...
My daughter made a giant pair of shears from outdated computer parts in art class at school
What is toxic at first, but makes life a lot more fun when everyone is used to it?
I knew a man who poisoned his wife with a pair of scissors.
50 shades of grey
How did the tortoise win the race?
Is it okay to compare a man getting “the snip” with a woman getting her tubes tied?
Why did the math book look so sad
People say being a waiter is a bad job...
What's the difference between falling in the 10th and 1st floor of a building?
I have heard that self deprecation is the highest form of comedy
Two women are sitting on a bench in the park.
I herd that a bunch of cows were fed laxatives by mistake.
A father goes to see his newborn grandson at the hospital
Why does Santa spend 364 days a year forming strong masculine relationships?
What kind of trails does a crazy person travel?
If 2020 was a math word problem:
I emptied a bottle of leftover hair-dye down the toilet.
Larry Flynt, creator of Hustler Magazine, has died aged 78. His family have asked fans do not send flowers...
What type of bird creates an only fan's?
Me when bitten by a mosquito
My uncle would eat crickets on a bet
Doctor, I’m worried about my son. He spends all day measuring imaginary bottles of orange soda.
What's the difference between Stevie Wonder and Drake?
They're having a real problem with unlicensed food vendors in Seattle.
My wife says we should split up because I keep pretending I'm a detective
Star Wars Trivia: What is the internal Temperature of a TaunTaun?
This complete stranger PMed me out of nowhere and suggested we meet up in the forest and compare dick sizes!
Why did the dollar bill go to a therapist?
Little Susie came home from school and told her mum the boys kept asking her to do cartwheels
What’s brown and rhymes with snoop?
Guys I designed my own knife
Dear Hallmark,
What is the Department of Veterans Affairs in China called?
Have you heard about that new virus that is devastating the bird population?
Today I learned, when someone says ' take my breath away ' they...
They say dracula has turned over a new leaf
Why doesn't ganondorf go on the internet?
Why doesn't Santa Claus have to worry about catching COVID-19?
What happens to the soldiers who are supposed to be deployed to Iraq?
My neighbour was sunbathing naked in her garden and as I was wanking while watching her from the window I caught my wife staring at me in the doorway...
What has 4 letters, sometimes 9 letters, but never has 5 letters.
What's the most responsible makeup you can apply during the pandemic?
I'm taking a college course on the Environment and i'm dyslexic
Guy goes to a fancy dress party in a green jumpsuit carry a woman by piggy back.....
I am a big fan of Fifty Cent.
Where do porn stars buy their cucumbers?
I Just Got Cast In A Commercial!
What did Mrs. Claus say to Santa when he asked what the weather forecast for Christmas was?
A few nights after his wives funeral, Edward woke up stiff as a rod.
For how long since its discovery has Covid 19 been deadly?
Husband: My wife is missing. She went to rescue people from the flood yesterday and has not come home ...
A beggar once asked me, "Any change?"
You Know What Really Makes My Blood Boil?
Why did the crab cross the road?
Yes, Buzz Lightyear could kill all the other toys
I maintain my stomach tone by doing as many crunches as I can, every day.
Bad cows, bad cows,
My friend asked why I never used condoms
I recently started learning to play the violin, and I think my neighbor enjoys it.
My internet connection is a lot like my grandad
After gaining weight, My husband bought me a dress 2 sizes below and says...
Two crabs wouldn’t share their food
What do you call it when four kangaroos have sex?
My Grandmother died of an Ecstasy overdose.
How do programmers arrange their crayons?
What's the difference between Anthony Mundine and two minute noodles? [OC]
Quick tip on how to get lots of views on your Reddit posts
The creator of the PDF format died today
How much weight do you lose after having a wisdom tooth taken out?
I heard they just opened a BBQ restaurant near the top of Mt. Everest
Why do choirs keep buckets handy?
What do bad writers use to pick up hot pans?
For my chemistry homework, I was supposed to write a thousand words on acid.
Hear about the screen printer who misspelled the order of concert posters?
Two men are on opposite sides of a river.
Some shallots were hired to break some scallions out of Alcatraz...
A wheat farmer has a headache and all his crops disappear...
That’s not a Crocodile Dundee reference...
A Joke for everyone who isn't called Richard
You may have heard of No Nut November
Why is fruit squash banned in Germany?
Why was the soldier tired after getting dressed?
Robert Mueller has uncovered that Donald Trump dropped Quaaludes with the entire USSR hockey team prior to their stunning defeat to the US at the 1980 Olympics "Miracle on Ice" in Lake Placid, NY. So what's the crime in that?
cool funny jokes that i can copy and paste on to reddit
Why did the woodwind player show off their instrument?
What's green and has wheels?
Surgeon: "Stay calm John, it's just a little cut with a scalpel, no need to be nervous."
I’m thinking of a career where I estimate crowd sizes at different outdoor events.
My uncle is a bus driver that circles Big Ben in London ...
Quebec, Canada is currently experiencing record breaking flooding
I went to the book store in town
How are marriage and a hurricane similar?
I looked across the museum hall and spotted my ex girlfriend, but I was too self conscious to say hello.
If Elon Musk's space company establishes a Mars colony, and you have a girlfriend on mars, but later break up because of long distance, she'd be your....
I’ve combined alphabet soup with a laxative...
Have y'all heard about this new app that lets you see ghosts?
Just like kids all over the world, I sometimes played “doctor” with other inquisitive children
I just won a water fight against some kids in the park
I pranked my friend by coloring their face 3 different shades of blue in their sleep.
Why are CDC's covid guidelines not complete
What's the difference between a penis and a toothbrush?
Sin city we all know is Las Vegas, but do you know what Den city is?
A group of asexuals are playing cards
Today I learned that if you're in a canoe and it flips over in the water....
My boss just referred to me as "A real pair of butts"
There was a monk helping make breakfast for the monastery,
A Hasidic man, with a long beard, payis, a kaftan (long black coat), and shtreiml (the traditional fur hat), walks into a bar with a multi-colored parrot on his shoulder.
What did the French groundhog see on February 2nd?
What's the difference between your wife and your wifi network?
medina spirit was disqualified for a second failed drug test
A carpenter's workshop's light went out
Meeting with the eye surgeon is such a scam, I paid over $500 just for the consultation!
My date said she didn't think a penis the size of mine could please her.
Why do choirs keep buckets handy?
What is the difference between a gorilla and Michael Jackson?
I was chopping up some leftover dumplings from my soup at a Chinese restaurant when suddenly it hit me...
Why does Santa go down the chimney on Christmas Eve?
America is the only place in the world where you can drive up to a fuel station and buy a liquid called "gas."
We have one of the recalled Samsung washers. But, don't feel sorry for us...
Guns are like gum...
What to use if you want to count the amount of meth grams in your body?
My mate has just won an award for beating another 12 men in a bait digging contest.He has now been crowned.
Humans exist in a tight range of 7.35-7.45 pH which means...
20 years ago I used to be excited to receive an email, but hated getting snail mail.
The first day of school, I signed up for Math, English, Science and Geography..
I hope I can save my herb garden from this infestation.
How many existancialists does it take to change a light bulb?
What do you call a man with an axe over his head?
My frugal neighbor doesn't want to pay for an electrician to re-wire his house so he's going to try and do it himself. "How hard can it be?" he said.
My uncle's death was predicted, he was told the exact day, and the exact time he would die. It happened as predicted.
I caught two teenagers smoking pot outside my office window.
How many Germans does it take to change a lightbulb?
A lorry full of tortoises crashed into a trainload of terrapins,
I just downloaded my Biology notes but couldn’t open them.
Many people will be celebrating alentines ay this year.
There's been 3 murders in the last month and the police are looking for a man with one eye.
I always wondered why Pikachu's electric shock blasts off team rocket but not Ash.
Cleveland has announced their baseball team will no longer be called "The Indians". It's about time.
I've never forgiven the Nazis for what they did to my grandfather.
I'm seeing this girl and she redecorated her bedroom and I really don't like the new look.
Did anyone see the new Jim Carrey and Jeff Daniels movie last night?
Toronto Raptors: We are the only sports team named after a dinosaur!
I thought I knew the origins of the word "moron"
New Zelda game, starring just the princess, that ties all the story lines together...
How often should you put an orange slice in your beer?
An Englishman named "One-two-three" and a Frenchman named "Un-deux-trios" challenged each other to see whose cat could swim across the Channel first...
A clown goes crazy and starts murdering everybody with a cast-iron skillet.
I met up with a girl from tinder. She asked me to tie her up and do anything i want...
What is DJ Khaled's favorite number?
What did George Bush say when he was fighting in war?
Imagine my shock when I got home to find my husband had replaced his feet with wheels and was wearing a funnel on his head.
If giraffes could read books I bet they wouldn't be able to stop at just one.
Why are obtuse angles so depressed? (BPI)
My girlfriend dresser up as a policewoman and placed me under arrest for the suspicion of being good in bed.
What do you call the mass distribution of news and information regarding marijuana, as well as the demand for its legalisation?
My wife said she likes giving me head because my penis is the size of a cucumber.
What's the difference between a bucket and a tub?
Who was the famous writer, that died in WWII?
We call rings in ears earrings, in eyebrows eyebrow rings and in noses nose rings. Why don't we apply the same to fingers?
Women are responsible for roughly 45% of car accidents
My mate was boasting about being amazing at geography.
A black guy in a library asked me where the colored printers were.
What's the difference between Anthony Mundine and two minute noodles? [OC]
I like to stand in the corner at parties and blow on anyone who walks by.
What's the hardest part of playing track in an American high school?
Why did Ash Ketchum enter a singing competition?
What did the stoner say when someone tied his shoes together?
How is a push-up bra like a bag of chips?
Ruth is the only person that i show mercy to
A guy has to go to dinner at a fancy restaurant, but he forgot his tie so he used jumper cables.
I hate it when engineering students call themselves "Engineer"
Why didn't Jesus play in the Bethlehem X Nazareth soccer match?
I'm considering becoming a mind reader..
Hurricane Harvey is no joke.
The Russian Government has released a new streaming service with only state-approved media. All American submissions are immediately denied.
I met someone with Parkinson's disease.
Today I went for a walk with a beautiful woman
What's a pirate's least favourite letter?
What did the Italian baker say when a customer left her bread on the counter?
A drum set and a snake falls off a cliff.
A guy walked into a crowded bar waving his
Due to health concerns, my doctor recommend I go on a strict vegetarian diet, and practice portion control.
What do you call an exhausted woman on her period?
What do you call a Polish fisherman?
Guy A signs up for a haircut promotion where he pays a one time fee of $100 for unlimited haircuts, whereas Guy B said no to the promotion. Why does Guy B feel so much pain every time he gets a hair cut?
A Jewish man walks into a cafe in Canada and asks the waiter if they have any Canadian Jews
In today's Criminology class we will learn about cannibalism.
An Arab Sheikh sends his son to France for his studies. A year later the son comes back but the Sheikh realises that something is bothering his son. After some questioning, the son tells his father that he goes to college in his Porsche but the other students come by train. It's not right.
A genie offered to increase my penis length by 1 inch for every 10 IQ I traded...
What's the difference between a kangaroo and a kangaroot
Someone keeps sending me envelopes with cartoon dicks on them.
The best bakers use real butter so . . . .
This Easter, the catholic church is sourcing all of it's bread and wine from a factory in China.
My therapist told me that a great way to let go of your anger is to write letters to people you hate and then burn them. I did that and I feel much better but I'm wondering...
Which country in the world has most Parks?
Woody Harrelson was heard recently to have increased interest in computer technology
Yo mama so fat...
(X post) Weaponized Saber-tooth cats would be a real menace.
What do you do to snitches in the snowman mafia?
Got locked out of my house on Hoth and had to sleep with my Tauntaun...
Which US state is the sneeziest?
A boss tells a blonde applicant, "I'll give you $8 an hour, starting today, and in three months I'll raise it to $10 an hour. So, when would you like to start?"
Dad: I gave all your toys to the orphanage
I zipped up my jeans and got my penis caught in the zipper. I painfully shouted out.....
The Mandalorian fell on hard times and had to take a job in a body building and health food shop. Turns out he was unexpectedly great at it and smashed the commission targets. He'd just direct people to the protein powder section, and say...
Someone told me you can clean pigs with vodka
i told my kids that at their age i had to watch VHS tapes on school safety
What do you call a disease coming from China?
Fans of celine dion attended a viewing of a calm plate of mustard
What do you call it when a guy cums all over a girls face?
How can you tell a golf course is owned by Donald Trump?
I bought pink cotton but my wife wanted purple
What do you call a witch that only eats sand?
My Grandfather survived Pepper spray and Mustard gas attacks in two wars..
I was watching the Dyslexic news channel earlier.
What does an upset chef make food with?
With trembling hands, my doctor looked up from my x-ray and stammered, "This is exactly what I was afraid of." Gripping my chest, I rasped, "What?"
My friend wanted to exchange his hourglass for my globe.
Did you hear about the long tailed game bird whos boyfriend suddenly proposed to her?
Do you know the difference between a toilet and a pan?
Have you ever heard of the vagina dinosaur?
So this guy tried convincing me he was a ghost.
Hey girl, are you an angle?
While performing I asked the crowd to give me a hand.
What did Gandalf say when an onion tried to cross the bridge?
You’re half a man Jerry. Just deal with it, I told him
What do you get when you cross a rabbit with a water hose?
After Hunt for Red October came out, my family moved from Moscow to San Francisco, where I became a fan of the 49ers with Steve Young as Quarterback
What's the difference between school shootings and mass shootings?
A recent survey found that most men prefer eating a fine meal in a restaurant to having sex.
What happens when the smog lifts in Los Angeles?
"So I matched with this cute guy on Tinder last night, and we started chatting and sending each other memes and little animations. But then he mentioned that he was an exchange student from Athens, so I ghosted him." "Why?"
A woman lent a blind man 100,000 dollars
I don't trust GameCube games...
I don't understand why people pay for things with exact dollar amounts...
My grandfather destroyed almost a hundred aircraft in World War Two!
Two guys want to share a golf cart
My parents allways warned me to never ho through the cellar door and one day when i was fifteen i pushed it open and saw some incredible things i never saw before...
Dogs are truly woman's best friend
Catholic school is like a game of chess.
Apparently, COVID makes your sense of hearing and your logic weaker.
This furniture store keeps calling me…
War joke
What do you call two dogs breathing heavily?
What do call someone who steals pancakes?
A kangaroo walks into a bar. The Bartender says, "I suppose you want a Fosters with a frosty mug." The kangaroo says,
Every day, my teacher starts her class by reading a joke from r/Jokes, but today she is absent.
A politician, a farmer, and a doctor walk into a bar.
Nurse: "We need a stool sample and a urine sample."
I've been getting anonymous texts from someone telling me to shower, comb my hair & brush my teeth.
Yesterday I farted in a lift.
My friend was upset that he was passed over for promotion at work by an attractive older colleague.
The current pandemic has caused the price of deer meat to reach all time lows.
I heard oysters were an effective aphrodisiac, so I ate a dozen.
What do you call a therapist who moonlights as a prostitute?
Why does my mother call my father "10 millimeter?"
Today, my wife was told by the pediatrician that our 18 month old son isn’t talking much because he doesn’t want to.
When does a joke become a dad joke
What do you call a "Grilled Cheese" after a few days in the fridge?
Who is the cleverest Disney character?
I was driving my son to pre-school and he was having fun making dinosaur sounds.
Cemetery count
An alien drops by the White House and exclaims: "take me to your leader". The alien is introduced to Donald Trump, who ushers it into the oval office to chat. 30 seconds later, the alien exits the room and walks back towards his ship.....
For an orphan,
Do you make grass slippery? Do you make windows wet? Are you a morning person?
I got pulled over by a cop this morning
What do they call the lamp at the car factory that warns the workers that the engine is from eastern Europe?
TIFU my IT job interview when I was asked to give an example of role-based security.
I tried to carry my board game onto the airplane, but the security said I can’t do it.
Whats white, can create people, and is everywhere after a long night?
I still can't understand why my wife was disappointed with my choice of salad dressing
I got fired from my job at the library...
I was going through my wardrobe, trying to select a suit for my grandmother's funeral.
One day, a zookeeper is walking around the zoo when he sees a man throwing $20 bills into all the exhibits he passes.
Caught my roommate masturbating himself with a thin pancake.
I was lonely until I glued a coffee cup on top of my car
An employee at an American weapons manufacturer spots a bear in a conference room...
How do snails fight?
I bought my grandchildren some crayons. I have to say...
A plumber fixes a damaged pipe in a doctor's house and asks for 200 dollars. Doctor says to him: "Even i, don't make so much money in such a short period and i'm a doctor".
I asked a linguist, "I'd like to speak to my cat. Can you teach me how?"
What’s a camels favourite meal?
If someone pushes you off a 100 story building, how long does it take you to get to the bottom?
Cum and Lotion look and taste the same....
What happenes when you beat up an electrician?
Woody Harrelson was heard recently to have increased interest in computer technology
What did the fisherman say when he turned 80?
What is the female equivalent of a sausage fest?
I just found out there is over 1 million battered women in the United States
I still don't see why Daniel Radcliffe was cast for Now You See Me 2.
My wife just recently completed a 40-week body building course...
What’s a Prostitute’s favorite part of leaving a tall building?
A redneck suffered a nasty fall...
I was asked to pose nude for an art class. They said I had the perfect body.
My uncle is like a good love story
People not wanting to wearing masks is natural.
Did you hear about the Midwestern dairy farmers? Apparently they've begun a new trend of covering their cows' teets with fabric because they felt like their heifers were indecent.
Why does cheese come in a big wheel?
What’s a tired dragon’s favorite steak?
I can count on one hand the amount of times I’ve been to Chernobyl...
What's the term for the number of stupid people in an area?
A man bought an olympic condom pack
[Not the Same one] A sheep and a snake roll down a hill inside a drum
What do the Apostle Paul, Bon Jovi and Manfred Mann's Earth Band all have in common?
Why did the priest dig a rabbit hole for the rooster?
Did you hear about the family who hired a moving van to move their other, smaller moving van?
I was shocked today when I heard my neighbor..
I went on a blind date.
What do you call a shopping center for Sith lords?
Anyone who thought Trump was gonna pull the US out of the middle east is an idiot.
My mother said, "You won't amount to anything because you procrastinate."
A guy wearing a suit and tie walks into a bar with an alligator
Alexander Graham Bell is always given a huge amount of praise for inventing the first telephone
I had too much Middle Eastern food today.
My wife said she's leaving me because I keep making silly puns about her dark yellow oven glove.
A man brings some flowers home to his wife. She’s so surprised by his romantic gesture that she lays back on the dining table, throws her legs in the air and spreads them.
Men should thank God for His grammatical errors when creating us
I came from a small town where the population always stayed the same...
My wife's friend had a baby...
People still having large weddings during a pandemic must be huge Game of Thrones fans.
I thought my mouse was dead.
A German tourist jumped into the water to save my dog who was drowning, after he climbed out he passed me the dog and said “here is ze dog keep him warm and dry him off and he vill he fine”.
Two kittens are sitting at the edge of a slide. Which falls first?
What do you call a convict with a debilitating skin disease?
An Israeli lands in New Delhi Airport. Reaches the passport control
Ladies please stop asking Santa for the perfect man
A bloke arrives at a nightclub door and the bouncers say he can't come in without a tie.
3 blonde women were walking in a forest...
I’m a supervillain from Italy, I have the power to infect people with deadly diseases.
Went to dinner last night at a restaurant, and there was a fly in my soup.
Doctor: Your brain fell out after your accident, but we managed to put it back in
I took a girl on a date into a freezer and prodded her with a mesh of wire...
Ban weapons of mass dyslexia!
What did the water sing at 4 degrees celsius?
If a tree falls in the forest and no one is around to hear it…
Why do sumo wrestlers avoid skydiving?
Why do babies want to use the internet?
The best bakers use real butter so . . . .
Did Andy's Mom from Toy story have a dildo...?
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs in the middle of a street?
You wanna know what’s not illegal in California?
What did God yell out his window when he came up with the idea of a penis?
What's the name of the band who's music helps people sleep?
Eddie Money, Eddie Rabbit, and Eddie Van Halen are all teaming up to make a new album!
I ordered some Avocado Toast at a cafe, but imagine my surprise when I was given 602214076000000000000000 pieces of toasts. It was then I realized...
A blonde walks into a dry cleaners and tells the woman at the counter, "I need to have an outfit washed."
What happens if you slap a tuning fork?
Why are family trees not used in alabama
What’s worse? Banging your cousin or your niece?
Why did Lamar Odom give Kobe Bryant a dollar?
What is the purpose of war?
I've just been made redundant from my job in a pasta making factory!!!!
Who is the president of china?
I wish I had the sexual power of snow.
My father in law just told me this joke
I had a big wasps nest under the eve of my roof so I went to the hardware store to find some wasp spray. I found a can and asked a worker if this was good for wasps?
I got rid of my house, cars and credit cards to get my interest rates lower..
A blonde walks into a dry cleaners and tells the woman at the counter, "I need to have an outfit washed."
Why can Egyptian crocodiles never admit when they are wrong?
I used to illegally give weed to my prize winning cows, but I had to stop.
What's a Pirate's least favorite letter?
What did the shirt say to the pair of pants?
I think something went wrong during my laser eye surgery.
Fighting for peace is like screwing for virginity.
What is a dinosaur's least favorite reindeer?
Why did the snail paint a big S on the side of his vehicle?
Why did the dyslexic kid push his brother out of the window?
A pirate with a steering wheel on his crotch walks into a bar
All she ever wanted was for someone to ask her what she was reading.
What do you call a thief that leaves a trail?
An electric toothbrush is basically a tooth vibrator.
How often do scientists check the table of elements?
The judge says to the bailiff, "Bailiff, what is this man charged with?"
what’s the difference between bees and bears?
Down the rabbit hole
What do you call a Dent that looks better from a different angle?
I used to be a mass murderer...
Why was the polar bear relaxed when watching TV?
Whats the best part of an asbestos smoothie?
Crouching tiger, hidden dragon.
A patient was lying in bed, still groggy from the effects of a recent operation. His doctor came in, looking very glum.
Archeologists have just discovered the oldest known tampon.
What did Bill Gates do at his foundation that he couldn’t at Microsoft?
Conversation between me and my wife during stay home period.
A group of foreign computer peripheral manufacturers, unhappy with tariffs placed on their products by the United States, plans on starting their own country, which will compete with America.
What did the horny English speaking ghost say to the hive?
A group of nagging dentists discovered and new chemical element.
Got excited that I found a bottle in the beach with a message inside...
I pulled the shell off of my snail to make him faster
What did the snowman die of?
A girl is at the doctor. The doctor is about to use the stethoscope and says "Big Breath"
All of the cows on the farm networked all of their computers so they could stream the latest Disney film
I was walking past a building site when the guy hammering the roof called me a "paranoid little weirdo"
A Helium enters to a bar of elements...
What’s a tired dragon’s favorite steak?
An increasing number of farmers are losing their crops due to drought
Billy: "Your mare - what breed is it?" Jack: "No clue, but it beat the winner of this year's Kentucky Derby. " "Why wasn't it entered for the Triple Crown?" "Problem is, it gallops only at night. Snoozes in the daytime."
"I've never been good at dealing with confrontation."
So a realtor is passing out information for a house as potential buyers are walking in at an Open House
I heard of the infantry and thought it sounded great!
What did the hurricane say to the coconut tree?
The Beach Boys walk into a bar
My dad and I were walking towards a water fountain in our town’s square.
A wife and husband are driving past a farm
One day I was walking when I saw a man on a motorcycle.
The butcher had over 20 types of cured cylindrical meat for sale.
Why did I get kicked out
With the US Open going on...how do tennis players discipline their kids?
Why did the hen share her crayons with the rooster?
Today I found a Youtube channel about moss
What should you do when you want to employ a dishonest man with wings to purchase threads of metal that transfer electricity across dangerous swamps?
Where do you find a closeted dyslexic homosexual man?
This complete stranger PMed me out of nowhere and suggested we meet up in the forest and compare dick sizes!
How copper wire was invented.
Two Sales Development Representatives walk into an event..
A giraffe walks into a bar
My girlfriend told me I listened to too much Linkin Park
I had to get a new pair of scissors today.
A priest, a pastor and a rabbit walked in to a blood donation clinic.
A German tourist jumped into the water to save my dog who was drowning, after he climbed out he passed me the dog and said “here is ze dog keep him warm and dry him off and he vill he fine”.
A 900 kilogram pumpkin fell on a local man today.
A 900 kilogram pumpkin fell on a local man today.
What does a stoners mouth and shirt have in common?
Snow White was in bed, feeling Happy
I brought a date to the 4th of July party...
How do you trip an alarm?
What do you call the indoor trampoline park in Iraq?
Gotta love the graphic designer for the PA license plate
If Donald trump knew the Democrats we're going to rig the election months ago and still couldn't stop them
Old joke from when my dad was a kid
I once thought I spotted a Leopard
Internet arguments are like connect four
I called up GameStop customer support
Mueller: Please tell me why you have so many suspicious Russian connections.
What’s the best toothbrush for prostitutes?
A man walks into a bar and orders 3 shots of whisky
Not properly prescripted
The past, the future, and the present all walked into a bar at the same time.
Hi, I'm a mental health therapist helping people to be more at peace with their lives. Check out my Instagram!
Filmed my first bukkake scene today.
What do the NBA and a box of crayons have in common?
Did you see the new youtube channel that's non stop footage of gorillas opening bananas?
You hear about the girl-ghost who got accused of getting breast implants?
Do you know the funniest part of doing an office conga-line?
Right before surgery the surgeon says: "Relax, Jim. It's just a small scalpel incision. No reason to panic."
How do you blow up a dinosaur?
In Texas we don't measure temperature in degrees
Had an exam today and got stuck on the first question.
My girlfriend told me I listened to too much Linkin Park
What do you call a laughing motorcycle?
I got my dream job at a guillotine factory.
What was the governor of North Carolina criticized for responding to Hurricane Florence so quickly?
If i had a dollar for every time i had an existential crisis...
I'‌‌m datin‌‌g a‌‌n Englis‌‌h teache‌‌r wh‌‌o keep‌‌s correctin‌‌g m‌‌y gramma‌‌r durin‌‌g sex.
I keep hearing about this great new MCU show featuring what I can only assume are Hispanic superheroes...
I just got a job in a factory making plastic Draculas
Why can’t Crocodiles ever admit that they’re wrong?
My parents used to tell me that drug dealers would offer me free drugs until i got addicted to them, then they would charge me extremly high prices for it once i got addicted.
What kind of drugs do criminals smuggle through airport security?
Coworker: Sarcasm doesn’t get you anywhere.
Where do people go to argue in the mall?
Me and my buddy Terrell went down to the library.
Today I learned, when someone says ' take my breath away ' they...
The FBI found a hacker's base of operations and broke in, but he was no where to be seen.
What sort of compensation do you get from a prostitute?
I’ve noticed my wife gets very aggressive about controlling the TV remote at the same time each month.
When my Canadian friend gets out of bed...
What do you call a cow...
Why is the German writer always starving?
You’ve heard of television but have you heard of
A guy goes into a bar with a parrot on his shoulder.
They say that sex is the best form of exercise
Come in number 9, your time is up.
A reporter asked trump what the letter J in Donald.J.Trump stands for ?
Why don't we have any alien visitors in our solar system?
A guy and his girlfriend were getting frisky, and he says “I’m pretty good, god-like even” as he starts to go down on her.
PRO TIP: if you are exposed to mace and/or tear gas DO NOT MASTURBATE, EVEN AFTER YOU WASH YOUR HANDS SEVERAL TIMES.
Employees calls his boss to tell him he can't come in for work today because he is sick.
What do you call it when Drake suicides?
Me: You know, since it doesn't have a tail, I'm pretty sure it is actually a hamster.
What's the most peaceful musical instrument?
In my younger days, if I had to use the bathroom I could just hold it in.
I've been having a rough time lately wth my life, and my best friend suggested I try some insoluble fiber.
A man pulls up to the curb and asks the policeman
A fortune teller told me I'd suffer awful heart break in 12 years.
And the world breathed a big sigh of relief...
My wife and I are debating whether or not to get marble countertops in our kitchen
A trooper pulls over a priest and immediately smells alcohol on his breath. The next thing he notices is an empty wine bottle lying on the passenger seat.
I just learned that “fan” is short for “fanatic”.
What lies at the bottom of the ocean and twitches?
If karma was a currency, Reddit would be a capitalist society
About 1,375 olives are pressed in order to make 1 liter of olive oil, 8,435 sunflower seeds to make a liter of sunflower oil...
Can you name the 3 NFL team's mascots that start with the letter "F"?
"Where's your mother in law?"
Everyone thinks lawyers are a bunch of sharks, rats and pit-bulls!
How is it "the world is your oyster"?
For Halloween im gonna be a credit card.
Biology Joke
It's been a strange sort of day.
My milk expires next thursday
For those who dare steal Death's pillows..
What’s the least amount of costume needed to convincingly look like a bear?
What's pink and wrinkly and hangs out Grandpa's pyjamas?
What's the difference between your mom and a laundromat washer?
How do tectonic plates greet each other?
Just made a chicken salad...
What do you call it when Daniel Craig has kinky sex?
A customer walks into a bakery and orders a loaf of bread. As the baker wraps the loaf, the customer says, "You know, I bake my own bread at home, but they come out dense."
What do you call two surgeons operating on each other?
I signed up for a sex ed course...
I'm tired of seeing Frozen merchandise everywhere...
I saw a cartoon portraying a politican like a goat
Husband on second day of marriage...
There was a Motorcycle crash in my street I shouted “let me through “ are you a doctor they asked
What do you call a film director that has crabs?
Did you hear about the famous writer who turned out to be a fraud?
What do you call Dragon with no silver?
Howdy this is Elvis and I have a joke for you fine people today. How come my hair has turned grey?
I made a playlist for when I go hiking
A priest, a monk, and a rabbit walk in a bar. As they approach the bar, they see a blood donation booth. The rabbit hops to the nurse to be the first to donate. The nurse looks at him and ask: “What’s your blood group?”
Me and my sisters are baking bread for our sick grandmother. I’m the one responsible for making sure the bread rises but hey,
Why did the cookie cry?
(For people in health related occupations) Knock, Knock.
What do you call a rabbit that is closer to the sunrise than you?
My dad always brags that his was the first profession to go completely digital.
What color is the wind?
Bank Robber: Where's the safe?
Saw a little girl walk into my store today wearing a shirt that said FINISHER 2019...
What is brown, hairy, lives in the desert, has four legs, two humps, and is full of cement?
Periods aren't bad
I thought it was romantic to secretly swap my girlfriend's backpack for a bag of roses.
What do you call a herd of cows masturbating?
I dated a surgeon who turned out to be a kleptomaniac, she stole my heart..
My New Years Resolution this year was to be more selfless, but I gave up after four days.
Scientists say they may be able to synthesize a completely clean biofuel using the enzymes in finely shredded fungi, such as mushrooms...
I asked my friend what it’s like living in China.
How many babies does it take to shingle a roof?
So two atoms walk out of a bar after last call
I remember the day my Ex sent me a breakup text, my mom asked me what I was reading.
What is the most philosophical book?
I shoved my daughter into a cardboard box.
What did the sea snail say to the other sea snail when be cracked his shell?
Did you hear about the lady who backed into a running fan?
In my girlfriend's copy of 50 Shades of Grey I found a photo of me with the word "scumbag" written as a caption.
I threw a boomerang 5 years ago
What rhymes with orange?
Q: What is the burning question on the mind of every dyslexic existentialist?
Did you see Mike Pence left the Colts game because the players knelt for the national anthem?
If you drink 2 glasses of Kale juice daily, it will destroy your belly fat and
My dentist asked me if I brush regularly.
A bottle of beer, a mirror, and a condom were having an argument
Me and a homeschooler got into an argument about the education system.
A German traveling to Poland stops at a Polish Border Security Point.
Did you know "T-shirt" is short for "tyrannosaurus shirt".....
Wearing a mask without it covering your nose, is like wearing a condom but poking a hole in the top.
I was walking down the street and from a window a pot of herbs fell on my head...
Why didn’t the fruit salad get sunburnt?
Rest In Peace, Larry Tesler
Did you hear about the Scotsman who dropped a £1 coin?
How do you tell if someone is a Trump supporter?
I feel that Disney is taking the "Rainforest Cafe" theme a bit to seriously
I came walking in from the kitchen, and asked my niece for the phone book.
I had to break up with my girlfriend because she was obsessive about cellophane wrap.
I'm not old. I woke up, I lifted my arms, I moved my knees, I turned my neck. Everything made the same noise: Crrrrrraaaaaaccccckkkk!
My 4 year old came up with this one: How do you turn a fly into a mosquito?
Classical joke for Christmas period.
What element in the Periodic Table of Elements can you not take seriously?
What nation has caused the largest population growth since 1970?
A Blonde went for a pizza. The chef said would you like it cut into 4 slices or 8? Blonde said 4 please.
Why can't any of the others elements ever get in touch with Sodium?
I drank some primordial soup
I accidentally sprayed deodorant in my mouth today.
NASA had a supply of rib eye on the last flight to the international space station to see how meat cooked in space. They called it their most important mission.
Digital Milk
Grandpa walks into his grandson watching a football match
What do you call a lazy kangaroo?
Today, my wife was told by the pediatrician that our 18 month old son isn’t talking much because he doesn’t want to.
Which state was Sarah Palin governor of again?
A week ago Thursday was National Procrastination Day. . . .
What do you call a dictionary on drugs?
Another Monday
Breaking News: Local Kindergarten reports major Peek-a-Boo accident.
My dad said people shouldn't get ribbons just for participating because it rewards them for losing
I went on a date with someone who also spoke the Zulu language
In a strange way, I was really looking forward to the hurricane and I was disappointed when it was downgraded...
What do you call a shapeshifter that turns into a human after being an owl?
Two cows walk into a barn
If Chinese music is called C-pop, Korean music is called K-pop, and Japanese music is called J-pop, what do you call Drake's music?
What did the cow do when it ate a fish?
Apparently I know next to nothing about the Middle East
In Zack Snyders Justice League, Barry Allen breaks a window simply by touching it.
I owe my success as a fruit farmer to my dear dad. Whenever I felt scared as a kid, he always told me to
What did the zipper say to the dick?
What did the fisherman say when he turned 80?
Why are ghosts bad liars?
What kind of dog lives in a particle accelerator?
Why is the National Rifle Association filing for bankruptcy?
Most people have heard the phrase "Great minds think alike"
Why aren't koalas classified as bears?
A hydrogen atom walks into a bar.
A recent survey found that most men prefer eating a fine meal in a restaurant to having sex.
The local Ice Cream man was found dead on the floor of his van, covered in nuts, sprinkles and sauce.
Scientists modified bears DNA to make them more humanlike.
Why did the trans man only eat salad?
"When I donate blood, I don't extract it myself..."
What do you call the Kardashian family taking a swim in the ocean?
A news chain started asking people what's their opinion on a food shortage around the world
Why did the tomato blush?
BREAKING: North Korean leader in a vegetative state following surgery.
How come when a woman is pregnant, everyone rubs her stomach and says congratulations.
As two hungry goats tried eating movie film stock...
My teacher used to tell me that I would never amount to anything by looking out of the window all day
I'm writing a musical about a rag-tag team of Breitbart columnists standing up to the mainstream media elites.
If Trump loses the election at least he’ll get a movie deal
Eggplants are part of the cucumber family alongside tomatoes and zuccinis making them fruits...
Today my son asked, "Can you lend me a book mark?"
A guy has to go to dinner at a fancy restaurant, but he forgot his tie so he used jumper cables.
My girlfriend said we should reenact a porn scene that I would like.
They say coronavirus came from China.
My neighbour was sunbathing naked in her garden and as I was wanking while watching her from the window I caught my wife staring at me in the doorway...
"Your kitten killed our Rottweiler."
Nowadays there's too many musical instruments
Joke by my 6 year old niece
The creator of anagrams died...
Her: What are those things you blow to make a wish?
Roses are red, Violets are glorious
Kid: "Santa why do you have such a huge bag?"
Ever since learning the meaning of the word exponentially my use of the word exponentially has increased
What did I do when a terrorist attacked?
What food did the Italian wife make before a night of kinky activities?
My girlfriend said she was looking at ninja stars online. I told her to stop being racist.
Why do math textbooks only ever give you one angle in a triangle?
I was in the supermarket the other day and there was a girl in front of me at the checkout, she had one apple, one pear, one toothbrush, one cup o noodle, and one can of soup.
Why unemployed squirrels go to mental hospital?
A Republican, a Democrat, a Communist, a priest, a rabbi, an Imam, an African, a Caucasian, an Asian, a horse, a giraffe, an elephant, a fairy, an elf, and an unicorn walk into a bar...
Why do dwarves hunt dragons in the morning?
I asked out my crush in school today
Never ask Jeffery Dahmer for lettuce
The blind construction worker at my school accidentally pulled the fire alarm.
Scientists planned to verify if Schroedingers thought experiment prevails on Mars
I bought a pair of running shoes the other day
What do you call a black man in space?
A teacher asks her class what their favourite letter is. A boy at the back puts up his hand and says "G". The teacher says,
You know how people say if you damage one sense, the others get better?
What did the German tourist in Britain say when they saw something illegal?
Dad cooks dinner.
Hurricane Harvey is no joke.
A woman goes to the ER with a vibrator stuck inside her. After careful examination, the doctor tells her:
Why are boobs like toys?
People are currently shooting fireworks off in my neighborhood. I'm usually all for shooting fireworks to celebrate the founding of the greatest nation on Earth, but come on...
Two cowboys are stranded in the desert...
San Diego Comic Con and Dragoncon are going to pull their resources and merge into one event.
What do you call a biker who doesn't believe in Santa?
What did the Slovak chess player say when he won the match?
r/jokes now has a discord channel!
I once had the wildest dream, I was able to fly and when I flew over the oceans I saw they were made up of orange soda...
What do you call a male pig with no legs and delusions of being a weather forecaster?
How do you piss off a female archaeologist?
Last night, my daughter shouted downstairs, "Dad! My tooth has just fallen out into my drink!" "That's great, darling!" I said. "Put it under your pillow and see what happens."
Did you know you can tell which women are the biggest coffee lovers by their bust size?
I used to date a comedian. Things were going great until they met my parents.
Women who wear yoga pants...
My Nan just got this cool senior citizen scooter
What do you call a group of 500 atoms?
A bartender walks into a joke writers convention.
My name is Robert, but my friends call me Al...
My wifi password is Thorironmanhulkscarletwitchvisionhawkeyecaptainamericathanos.
Someone must have hated their snowman
Tetanus isn't actually caused by rusty objects, but by bacteria in dirt, which we often associate with rusty nails and tools that can introduce the bacteria through wounds.
Whats worse then getting your car keys stuck in the lock outside an abortion clinic?
My sister is taking part in a social experiment. She has to wear a “Boris is doing his best “ t-shirt for 2 weeks and see how people react. So far she’s been spit on, punched and had a bottle thrown at her!
What was the stomach's favorite thing to read?
Is it okay to compare a man getting “the snip” with a woman getting her tubes tied?
So my parents were "debating" at the dinner table the other night
You wanna sell seashells by the seashore?
What do you say to an out of touch seamstress who refuses to modernize their operation?
What do you call someone with a lisp who murders angels and ghosts?
What award did the deceased chick pea receive?
Some lady called the cops on me because I was giving a squirrel a nut in the park.
3 animals enter a bar. A lion, a tiger and a bear.
What's the difference between a a Shakespeare play and a Trump-era White House press conference?
What did the assassin say when his co-worker got the promotion?
Today I was in a home with no internet.
I just read somewhere that capitalization is the difference between "I helped my uncle Jack off a horse" and "i helped my uncle jack off a horse".
The creator of WinRAR was arrested and put on trial
When my wife sends me to the supermarket to get cucumbers
If you made a corn labyrinth in the likeness of a deceased television pitchman...
A prisoner digs a hole out of jail....
98% percent of the population is stupid.
I've lost my dad!
I no longer call it "heading to the shooting range".
For Halloween im gonna be a credit card.
The original actor who played Captain Kirk tried to start a Star Trek themed line of women’s lingerie.
I couldn't think of a way to make a Drake and Josh joke sound simple
Why do mother kangaroos hate it when it rains?
With trembling hands, my doctor looked up from my x-ray and stammered, "This is exactly what I was afraid of." Gripping my chest, I rasped, "What?"
I hate stair lifts
My rear end was sore from sitting on the bar stools at my local pub.
At school one day, a bully told me I had a face only a mother could love.
I'm making a killing selling home security systems...
My wife and I had a huge argument last week. She called me gullible and financially irresponsible.
Why did the clock get kicked out of the library?
Don't think that colour doesn't matter. Brown, yellow and black must be eliminated so that only white remains. It's the only way to reach victory.
What do you call a connection between two points in space-time through which only dragons can pass?
How does Jack Frost get to work?
My house was raided and the cops carted off books on algebra, trigonometry and calculus, plus dice and other probability-demo stuff.
So this French dude was working in a department store in France and a Karen comes up and starts laying it on him, asking for his manager.
What do Pink Floyd and Dale Earnhardt have in common?
Lazy people fact #2048290320389220192842991
If you don't get enough fibre in your diet
3 guys break down in the middle of the desert
I love how Pit Bull announces himself at the beginning of every song
Why did Capitalist Santa give all his presents to the rich?
Have you heard of that brothel by the port?
What do you call 26 letters chipping in to make a big gamble?
A priest, an imam and a rabbit went into a bar
I think my calendar is broken...
A company made toy Titanics, but they weren't meant to be used in bathtubs.
What do you call a bee's ghost?
What instrument has no legs, but can still walk?
This self isolation is so bad,I've been crushing on my room mate
Peter Piker
When I was at the immigration office, I interrupted an officer answering his phone and told him "Ship them back where they came from. They have a tendency to explode". He arrested me for being Islamophobic.
"I'm telling you one last time ", a doctor yells at his nurse
How do you get Donald Trump to visit a memorial in the rain?
My wife makes my pancakes too thin.
What does an Internet-addicted frog say?
Hurricane Ophelia just blew the roof off my cheese factory.
Me: I can see into the future
I got a pop up ad for a locally owned Sean Connery roofing supply company
What do you call a triangle with angles 42.0°, 69° and 69°?
Why was "Art of the Deal" so long?
My dad played basketball for Penn State!
My Friend Asked Me If I Would Give Up Blowjobs or Junk Food
So Two Blondes are stand on a pair of Tracks
How do you get dragon milk?
What do you call a goat that works at a bakery?
Paul: I got these really nice hearing aids. It was an amazing deal!
Where do you find a Samurai who would give his life for you?
I need to file a complaint about a hostile work environment
My New Year’s Resolution was to lose 30 lbs. by the end of summer
Tiger Woods wanted to play at The Masters.....
When our little girl was sick in hospital we bought her a lifetime supply of crayons.
Why shouldn’t you hang your diplomas on the refrigerator?
What do you put on a bacon grease burn?
What does the giraffe say when it bites down a biscuit?
I asked my grandson if he had a newspaper. He said “nobody buys a newspaper anymore, use my iPad”
What do u give a dog that has high temperature?
Recently joined a Styx cover band
I am in the process of writing a big research paper on hurricanes.
I realized that driving a golf cart isn’t as easy as it looks.
Why did the exotic perfume salesman continue going out during lockdown?
Two Marijuana dispensaries created a merger deal, becoming one.
a joke that i thought of 2 mins ago.
I read a joke about an alternate ending to Peter Pan where Captain Hook wins the duel and sends Peter Pan back to London in a body bag.
My son Luke loves the fact he's named after a Star Wars character
What did the dog say when he sat down on sand paper?
Saw a man at the supermarket today who was saying the most nasty things while walking up and down the aisle, picking different kinds of breakfast-food off the shelves, shouting at the boxes and putting them back again. I asked the manager what his problem was.
What do you call a t-shirt that brings death?
What is orange and sounds like a parrot?
How do spies have sex?
If somebody offered me a coin flip to either get 10 million dollars or instantly die, I'd accept in a heartbeat. A 50 percent chance to solve all my problems would be amazing!
What is the female equivalent of a sausage fest?
Why did the farmer let his cows graze on marijuana plants?
Allegedly John Adams
Why can't schools in Afghanistan teach kids to count by drawn lines?
What do you call an army of toddlers?
We saw a blind man walking at night (true story)
I asked an Italian plastic surgeon what he uses for breast implants
Had COVID symptoms so I went to the pharmacy to grab something to sooth my throat. It hurt to talk, so I went up to the counter and without saying anything, gestured towards my neck. The Pharmacist paused for a second, looked at me and then said “for cough?”
I met a 14 year old girl on the internet.
I'm going into therapy to deal with my fear of escalators, but it shouldn't take long ...
A Priest, a Rabbi, a Nun, two gorillas, a leopard, a horse, two turtles, and a dragonfly walk into a bar.
The the first thing to do after you realize you've made a mistake is to locate your clothes.
I oppose all this sex on the television.
A porn actor calls in sick
Why didn’t the castle cut the grass
My son told me he wanted to be an oyster shucker when he grew up.
Germany announces a new health ministry to aid in combatting COV19
There were three plastic surgeons
In Colombia, kids have built a snowman.
If you think you are nothing and worthless, please dont
What is Donald trumps favorite ESPN Channel?
My wife's gonna leave me because of a spelling mistake.
What's the Difference Between February 14th and July 4th?
I discovered red crayons in my girlfriends nurse uniform.
Lady: How do I spread love in this cruel world?
What did the doctor say to the ghost?
50 years later most people have no idea who Neil Armstrong is
My high school was so small..
Never go to bars run by male giraffes.
I can’t believe the way they used the Childrens Health Insurance Program during the budget debate...
Where do you learn to make banana splits?
The hulk is the only bisexual marvel character
Please don't bother teaching a giraffe to perform fellatio.
What did the snowman eat for breakfast?
I once woke up in the middle of an operation.
Amelia Earhart and Jimmy Hoffa walk into a bar.
What is wind?
My Nan just got this cool senior citizen scooter
Electricity is a great thing...
I got ripped off at the amusement park.
Now that Lucasfilm is owned by Disney . . .
What is an Emergency physician’s favorite cellular organelle?
Did you hear about the actor who fell through the floorboards?
Why do they call chicken the beggar's bird?
Can you all please stop hating on Pepsi, Coke, and Orange Crush?
Finally learned why you can't use a wooden spoon on a Teflon pan
What is an ambulance's favorite game console?
My friend is addicted to oxygen.
Why did the pirate go to the bathroom?
I wanted to grill something good for watching today's horse race
I never get school shooting jokes.
The easiest time to add insult to injury
I found a way to save 27 million tons of paper per year
What do you call a superhero with polio
Why did the pirate not like the old video game with a liberal-leaning political message?
The police raided my house and found dynamite, wire and a detonator with a plunger
Every 3 months buying new toothbrushes is expensive!
My wife and I had our first baby last night.
FACT: 24 astronauts AND the Wright Brothers were born in Ohio.
The guy who invented the alarm clock is my idol.
My wife is really self-conscious about how thick her eyebrows are
What do R. Kelly and current temperatures have in common?
Bernie Sanders confronted the head of the NSA and asked him why they are still illegally surveilling Americans.
I was told that the friendship between sodium, potassium, and oxygen was bad.
A linguistic philosopher made the claim that there is no language in which a double positive implies a negative during a lecture.
What title do a sandwich and an occupation in the porn industry share?
How often do scientists check the table of elements?
The gorilla at the zoo likes to get deals at Amazon.
I do porn, and the company I work for has a guy who writes all the blowjob scenes. He has the girls use their teeth, never pay attention to the balls, and only lick the tip.
Why was the cow scared
Did you guys hear that the pearl thief is still at large?
What language was used to program Marvin the Paranoid Android (from Hitchhiker's Guide...)?
Two redditors walk into a bar.
The chemistry teacher babbles on, "Yada yada, chemical formulae, elements, atoms, Helium, Lithium, Beryllium..."
My new Rolls Royce
The last time I was down in Mexico, I saw something very peculiar; what I thought was a shrub covered in slices of pork...
I met my girlfriend at a African language class
Believe it or not, Satan took a shot at being a YouTuber
Why did the farmer stop stuffing goats into his truck?
what do u call a strong soup?
My dad was driving a tourist bus filled with Japanese tourists in the 1990s.
How did the Muslim find the goat in the field?
I saw a cow spontaneously catch on fire the other day
Bought A Pair Of Polarized Sunglasses
Did you hear about the Midwestern dairy farmers? Apparently they've begun a new trend of covering their cows' teets with fabric because they felt like their heifers were indecent.
Why did the thief knife himself after he was caught stealing violas and cellos from an orchestra?
If you think Thursday are depressing, wait two days
When I told my therapist about being unhappy, he said, "When it comes to happiness, a good analogy is a 3D-printer."
Angelina Jolie walks into a florists.'I'd like to buy some flowers', she says. 'Orchids?' says the florist.
All the comic books I inherited from my older brother had their last pages missing.
farmer: how many cows got out?
I found the first four Harry Potter books to be quite light hearted.
Colorblind uncle
The only problem with a grill that's low to the ground.
So its pancake Tuesday today
Why isn’t every man in a red suit with a beard Santa?
The police chief asked, "Do you have any leads or suspects for the murder case?" The officer responded, "I'd like to interview the bartender wearing high heels and a leopard print dress." The chief frowned and said...
A three-year-old walked up to a pregnant lady while waiting with his mother in the doctor's office. He inquisitively asked the lady, "Why is your stomach so big?" She replied, "I’m having a baby." With big eyes, he asked, "Is the baby in your stomach?" She answered, "He sure is."
There's shop in the mall selling ice picks, knives, leather gloves, shovels, brass knuckles, ropes, and women's stockings
Only a fisherman will understand the struggle
Why aren't digital images of Bob Marley scalable?
We should all agree on a global currency
What gives people power?
Einstein developed a theory about space...
Russia is considering banning the internet for most people, replacing it with a limited Russian propaganda version...
The celibate butcher is pretty successful in his occupations.
The letters in the English alphabet go to the beach (don't ask me why). Every letter gets sunburned except W, X, Y and Z. Why?
To the lady with all the screaming kids at Walmart who's wondering how the box of condoms got into her cart...
Only SEVEN people die as temperatures as low as -42F wreak havoc across the American Midwest.
Joke by my 6 year old niece
What do an ambulance and a porn star have in common?
Did you know Steven Spielberg and John Williams play basketball together?
LPT: In light of Hurricane Michael, remember to always look out for yourself. As they say: There's no 'I' in Team...
My Gran fell asleep last night with a cigarette in her hand. That woman was the best thing since sliced bread.
Why is Drake such a good chemist?
Why did the kittens get in trouble during spelling class?
It's Easter Sunday!
What do you call a factory that sells passable products?
Man escapes from insane asylum, and has sex with a girl in a laundry mat.
Three old women are sitting at a park bench, talking about the weather
Whats the difference between a novelist and a pornstar?
A group of foreign computer peripheral manufacturers, unhappy with tariffs placed on their products by the United States, plans on starting their own country, which will compete with America.
Did you hear about the latest pair of scissors in the market?
Losing game pieces sucks...
There was a slightly long bridge, wide enough for only one car and one day, two cars tried to cross over from opposite directions and met at the middle of the bridge, obviously unable to get past the other......
A black guy in a library asked me where the colored printers were.
Is anyone here a penis doctor?
I got kicked out of biology class today for eating during the lesson...
I had plenty of pimples as a kid. One day I fell asleep in the library.
I went to the mall and you know those people that set up their little shops? Well, there is a dwarf in a little hut, and he tells fortunes. Come to find out he is a fugitive and wanted for some crimes.
What's the motto of the American Writers Guild?
What did the Idaho farmer plant when he was not sure if he was going sell the crop?
I want to have a cheese salad roll with bacon and olives before I die..
The other day I thought I found a real velvet pillowcase...
What is Homer Simpson's favorite toy?
Why do Republicans hate lotion?
I still remember the last thing my grandmother ever said to me
What's the turkey's favorite letter of the alphabet?
Did you know Boy George loves to regularly post jokes on Reddit?
Why did the mushroom get invited to the party?
My wife finds it strange that my toddler is a huge Tom Jones fan
My wife told me you've aged like a fine wine. More complex, more flavoursome, increased sweetness. Overall tastier
Steven Yeun makes Oscars history as first Asian American to be nominated for best actor.
I’m a magician of sorts. I steal candy bars using sleight of hand.
Did you hear about the half-assed programmer?
Why are boobs and toys alike?
What’s the Wi-Fi password?
What kind of magic do cows believe in?
Believe it or not, Satan took a shot at being a YouTuber
A karate professional is shooting a movie scene
What do mosquitoes and my job have in common?
Not all peasants visit the beach
A man goes to a diner and orders a grilled cheese sandwich and a glass of room temperature sweet tea.
A soldier in WWII was shot but coins in his pocket stopped the bullet.
What do you call a 7' 2" fortune teller in his underpants?
Hey, you wanna know how I got to the east of Iraq?
I really wish some of the fantasies in 50 shades of grey were real...
A Tree Falls In A Rainforest And Nobody Notices But Me
Me and my friend had a talk about planes.
My friend came back from vacation with long hair...
Bet your bottom dollar...
So I was staying at my uncles...
What did god say when Eve went skinny dipping for the first time?
Melania Trump greeted the White House Christmas Tree.
What is a popular search engine for ghosts?
Doctor the operation was a success
What did they say about the couple who had the same shoe size?
My great grandfather have a heart of a lion, eye of an eagle, and....
Mondays are like prostate exams...
A family takes their sick dog to the vet.
I actually overdosed on anxiety pills a few minutes ago
How do you know if a woman is hot for you?
Can a match box?
My wife and I just discovered an easy way to burn 2000 calories an hour during sex
I stayed in an English Hotel that was so quaint that when I we first arrived, rather than a mint, there were a couple of cricket balls and a bat on the bed.
What do my clothes and tinder matches have in common?
What would you call a woman who actively encourages her husband to sleep with her friends?
A guy phones reception at a Hotel.
Wife: oh, I better not get any more food. Husband: No, fill up your plate baby. Remember, you're eating for two now.
How many Edward Snowden's does it take to know what is going on in a Clinton administration?
A priest, a pastor and a rabbit walked in to a blood donation clinic.
I got fired from my job at the calendar factory a couple weeks ago.
What do you call a t-shirt with a half man, half monkey hybrid on it?
I broke a toner cartridge when I was putting it into the printer.
A man crosses the Mexican border seeking better living conditions for his family.
In 1919, a storage tank full of molasses in Boston exploded, causing a flood that killed 21 people.
What do you put on a bacon grease burn?
I had to choose between climbing or using a runged device...
My uncle Rob died at the height of ecstasy, in one of those seedy hotels, when the ceiling mirror fell on him
Teacher : Why didn’t you come to school yesterday?
The chemistry teacher babbles on, "Yada yada, chemical formulae, elements, atoms, Helium, Lithium, Beryllium..."
I used to sell cookware, but that didn't pan out.
Why was "Art of the Deal" so long?
I just finished my latest underground movie. It's about a young man who rides a motorcycle naked across America's roughest roads.
"Can you tie a knot?"
My sister came up with this. What begins with a P, ends with an E and has a million letters in it
"What's the deal with the non-linear structure?", the bartender asks.
ur mamma soooooo dumb
Saw a fat chick wearing a shirt that said “guess”
do you know how much of a virgin i am?
My waiter asked me how I like my steak
why do bank robbers make hostages kneel down?
Pouring rain, New York City. A drunk hails a cab.
If 2020 was a math word problem:
My girlfriend buys old sex toys for money and records herself using them.
A guy orders 12 straight vodkas from the barman...
Which WiFi network do redditors use?
Someone shouts: ”Stupid Dad jokes are making the Earth an impossible place to live!”
Did you hear the joke about the death of the creator of Mad Libs?
Two symptoms of coronavirus are brain fog and irritability
A farm was bombed and only one cow survived.
What did the redditor say after robbing a jewellery store?
Why is the crowd at a gallows so tense?
At night court, a man was brought in and set before the judge.
A shark was swimming around looking for food...
What type of pizza did the twin towers order?
Where Do Sheep Go For Vacation
After years of digging, two gold rush enthusiasts finally found a small amount of the precious metal
I’m never getting a massage there again...
A fat man goes into a fast food restaurant and orders his food. The cashier says that it will be a minute or two for his food. Finally his food is ready. The cashier hands the food to the fat guy and tells him,
This morning a man in the street offered me a sofa and two armchairs.
Instead of watching the news, my friend goes body surfing at the beach every morning.
What do you get when you cross a pig and a dinosaur?
why cant a plush toy get pregnant?
I met my girlfriend at a African language class
After all the rioting and destruction Microsoft stock ($MSFT) will take off on Monday
A Man Accidentally Elbows a Woman's Boob
If I had a dollar for every time I didn't know what was going on...
I can count on one hand the amount of times I’ve been to Chernobyl...
